{"BOHEMIAN": "cozy neighborhood spot for a good coffee and yummy sandwiches. we stopped in for a few hours to work and the wifi, the sound level and light was perfect for getting things done. if you're nice to the barista, they may make you a fun latte with funky art on it, and their latte flavors range from standard to different. the lavender one was lovely and the spicy one had just the right touch of heat. we got one of the sandwiches after a while and it came with veggie chips on a plate that looked like a painter's palette, which was fun. and the sandwich was fresh and tasty.i thought this cafe was okay. i got the matcha latte (iced) and felt like i was just drinking light green milk. it didn't seem to have too much flavor (not terribly sweet, and the matcha flavor wasn't that strong).the latte art for their hot drinks was cool though. almost looked like a honey comb of sorts. i've never seen that at any other coffee shop and i've been to a lot!the ambiance was okay. our table was a bit wobbly so it was hard to work on for long periods of time. the lighting was mostly from the window, but it was a bit overcast that day so it wasn't extremely bright.cute cafe that made a nice strong cortado. friendly staff and great looking sandwich menugood neighborhood place for breakfast sandwiches and nice place to sit for a while. the prices are bit high though, and it's difficult to find a spot on the regular because the space is small and customers park for a long time to use wifi.big fan of this place! love the kahlo breakfast burrito. i also like the iced mocha and coldbrewgreat way to cool down after a walk along 606 is to have an iced tea from gallery cafe. their staff is cheerful and helpful, the artistic and laid back vibe also adds to the charm of the place. free wifi and they hold events.superb little cafe. great atmosphere and the kahlo breakfast burrito (add sausage) is amazing! will be back to try more of their breakfast and lunch offerings.honestly, i'm surprised by the reviews. i typically only order plain coffee at coffee shops. this time was no different, so i can't speak to their specialty drinks. however, the dark roast drip coffee was superb.some coffee shops are pretentious. the gallery cafe isn't one of them. it's a chill, cozy environment. good energy. the staff was attentive. when i walked in, i was asked to wait for a moment. i didn't mind. i appreciated the communication. the staff member who waited on me was a quirky guy. i'm a little quirky, too. great! the menu said that high fives were free with purchase. i wasn't going to pass up that opportunity. i paid, then asked the barista for my high five. he completely understood and proceeded to lift his hand about head height. i then proceeded through with a high five motion. i think it was a good high five. i can't speak for the barista's experience. the price was fair. i sat in the shop so i went ahead and paid for a coffee refill with my original purchase. the barista applauded my proactive method which made me feel like i could really tackle the day. thanks for that.overall, good experience. i was pleasantly surprised but not necessarily wowed. the tile floor and bathroom decor could use an update, but hey, the energy was on fleek. thank you gallery cafe. you made my day a little better. i'll return the favor my donating a high five to someone in need.cozy cafe with friendly service. \u00a0dropped in for a quick bite on a weekday and tried the rodin sandwich (chicken, bacon, avocado and more) served with chips...will be back! \u00a0crowd at noon on a monday was small, a handful of people talking, working, or in my case enjoying my food while people watching our the window. \u00a0a steady stream continued to come through for coffee.rad little neighborhood coffee shop with a decent collection of artists and thinkers that frequent it. my favorite drink is the rothko; the claudel is pretty spicy so be warned if that's not your style. i've been known to frequent this spot for the coffee, the conversations and the local art/music events.i really liked the folks working here. \u00a0they were pleasant and made my first trip a nice experience. \u00a0not to bash the great vibe, but my sandwich--the klimt--was not very filling. \u00a0it was ok but underwhelming, both in portion and just the general taste. \u00a0it was also a tad pricey, as were a lot of their sandwiches. \u00a0the glass plates resembling artist palettes were cute, but the rest of the place felt more student lounge and less quaint cafe. \u00a0that's not a bad thing, just an observation.power monkey smoothie, the klimt sandwich, art and the staff = a perfect day and watch the coffee beans roast right in front of your eyes. gc rocks my world!this is such a cute spot! i stopped by with a rather large group to get some work done and the location and spot was perfect. cute set up , great service, and awesome place to work. i had already eaten that day, but i went with the blueberry tea. yummy! i'm not a fan of coffee so can't give you much insight into that, but everyone else seemed to be enjoying it. next time i stop by i'll try out their sandwiches. the girl next to me had one and i was eyeing it. :)wonderful service along with great coffee how can you beat that! \u00a0and i really love that they serve the wonderful nearby kitty cat cafe!this place is a great location for studying! also, they seem to have some amazing artwork hanging around that adds to the relaxing environment. the owner geno is super friendly, and he is super passionate about his coffee selection!i usually come here and the service is great but last time i came i ordered my usual and was waiting for about 17 minutes after that i asked the lady if they have started on my order and just answered \"omg\" come to find out they forgot about my order had to get my money back and gave me a few free coffee coupons but i don't even drink coffee came for a smoothie today and it's taste was a little off .great coffee roasts! we use gallery as our roasters for our office and they provide great service and the coffee tastes great. its nice to have a local coffee versus ordering from larger company.the cafe looks and feels stale. the service isn't awful but is a little too snotty for comfort. the coffee is alright and the sandwiches, while they taste good, seem a bit light for what you're paying. i never feel comfortable hanging out here for any amount of time.it's not a horrible experience coming here but the vibe here is always kind of poor and i'd rather go down to milwaukee avenue and drink coffee at one of the places there.i absolutely love gallery cafe! always have good coffee drinks, the donuts are amazing!! \u00a0they also have really good lunch menu items vegan muffins and good options for smoothies! \u00a0always my go to cafe in wicker park. if you're an artist of any sort come support local artists since they donate to aspiring artists!i think i'm the only person that comes to this coffee shop for the smoothies, but they're legit! made with 100% fruit, they're my personal favorite on the menu.i've had the coffee before and i think it's a little too bitter. also, it's always extremely hot in here, not sure if the air is broken or what's going on. 3 stars for a decent ambiance with no frills but no complaints either.the staff here are always such a pleasure and their smoothies are simple and delicious. perfect for a quick and simple bite to eat as well. also a great place to bring your laptop and chill while getting some work done or just hanging out.i love local coffee shops and got to try this quaint spot. definitely unique with the art work on the wall. seating is mildly uncomfortable, i wouldn't sit here for more than 4 hours doing my work. also, it was pretty cold, i didn't even sit by the door, but with people coming in and out, heat was hard to regulate. their assortment of tea was a plus!! i couldn't even decide on which one to have (well, i am indecisive from the beginning) but still, lots of good tea to choose fromi just recently hosted an event at gallery cafe and loved every bit of my experience there. geno is so nice and accommodating and the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. the atmosphere was perfect for my meetup for about 25 guests. everyone at the event complimented all of the artwork, the taste of the coffee (seriously, that turtle latte is the truth!) and the overall relaxed vibe. geno and his staff went out of their way to make sure that we were comfortable, fully caffeinated and that we were enjoying ourselves. seriously, one of the best cafe's in the city!the place has greatly improved ever since new management took over! creative atmosphere with local artists' pieces featured on the walls for sale and succulents at all the tables, delicious food and drinks for $5, strong wifi, great music, big windows make for lots of natural light and a view for people-watching :)i've been there a total of three times and every time my coffee tasted like an ashtray. not only the coffee is terrible, the service is even worse. the owner is rude and incompetent. the last time i was the only person at the shop and i had to repeat 4 times that i wanted a vanilla biscotti, not chocolate, for which i got an eye roll as though my order was a huge bother to her. ps also there is a $5 min on debit/credit cards. considering a coffee there is under $5, it always forces you to buy something else.awesome spot for the early bird. wonderful art on the walls and great service - you may sit outside too. \u00a0thumbs up. great latte and menuthis place is such a gem! both the coffee and the people are wonderful. the breakfast sandwiches are my favorite - very filling and large portions. most of all, the vibes are super chill and the staff is always friendly and welcoming. i love that they support artists and musicians, and they are continuously engaged with the local community. highly recommend!eh probably won't come back, the employees were very kind, so they get a \u00a04 star review, but the latte was awful, espresso is supposed to be a little sweet and slightly bitter the milk foamy and creamy. this espresso tasted of cleaner and burnt. i don't know if it was burnt in roasting or what but i don't think it was done well at all. because after the third remake of the drink it was bad. try changing out the beans or something? the sandwich was just bland, not a lot of flavor and when you see avocado expect the worlds smallest smear if the stuff. i just wish it had something more to it, or even just more avocado. i don't think i will make an effort to go back in to the gallery cafe, which is sad because i was so excited to finally try this place. oh well, i guess there are people who like it or it wouldn't be in business. well on to the next coffee shop i guess.the staff here are passionate and knowledgeable about the coffee they roast in-house and serve! not to mention they are super accommodating, and friendly. it's super awesome to see the roaster at work, and it gives off a delightful smell. the coffee and the smoothies at gallery are really delicious, and so are the pastries, which are made locally! there's a lot of great art covering the walls as well making it a cozy and cool place to hang out and do work. the location of the cafe is also super accessible. there's a bus stop right in front and is only a couple blocks away from the blue line!i love the gallery cafe. \u00a0its the perfect stop for a quick bite or coffee. \u00a0i work across the street, and gallery cafe gets me caffeinated and ready to go for the day! \u00a0try their power monkey (its too good!)solid coffee shop if you need to get some work done and want a killer breakfast sandwich. everyone who works here is sweet, wifi is strong, and overall it's a cozy atmosphere.good drinks, very expensive. paid $15 for a small wrap ( which was advertised to come with chips and did not) and a double cappuccino. the wrap was good but not anything to rave aboutcome for the breakfast sandwiches, they are fresh and have some of the fluffiest, most delicious eggs i've ever purchased. consistently great breakfast sandwiches, with healthy options and whole grain bread on the menu.the selection of pastries and random assorted garbage is lacking, which is fine by me. decent cold beverage selection. ambiance not quite as cozy or comfortable as some coffee shops. they recently added a bit more art to conform to their name. overall, this is a go to spot for me and just close enough that i go out of the way to get to it.go there for the sandwiches. i've only had the drip coffee which is fine, does the job. the breakfast sandwiches though. fantastic. fresh eggs, delicious bacon, on whatever bread you want. the focaccia was fresh and was great with the davinci sandwich.another pro, it's not a cluster like so many other places in the neighborhood. if you're not looking for the full wicker park brunch experience and just want a good old fashioned cafe experience, then this is it for you.the location was good, since there was really no other alternatives around. i was happy they had different choices of milks (including almond and coconut.) the only bummer was that they had a delicious sounding coffee shake on the menu, but they couldn't make it because they were out of bananas. suggest taking it off the board if you can't make it, so we are disappointed ;). also love that you have rx bars, maybe add a few more flavors ;)this place has a great vibe....owner was extremely cordial and went above and beyond with customer service! give it a try and you will take home more than a cup of coffee. great experience!under new management and seeing some nice changes. coffee is good and love looking at the local art displayed on the walls. it's a nice place to zone out and enjoy a cup of joe!love the feel of this place. food was great. coffee was better. everyone was super friendly. the owner really knows his stuff. talked to me about the difference between beans, their flavors and where there from. i recommend this spot to anyone who appreciates a lowkey setting, great affordable coffee, dope music selection and inspiring local art.every time i come to chicago the gallery cafe is on my \"must stop\" list. i've had coffee all over chicago including the premium price, ultra trendy hotspots. you name the brand or the coffee shop and i bet i've had it or been there. i don't do lattes or barista required concoctions. i want dark roast straight up black. and no one does it better than the gallery. especially for the price. proves that the quality of the coffee isn't measured by what you paid for it. they have great sandwiches and wraps - i'm particularly fond of the breakfast sandwich selections, all named after a famous painter. outstanding. for a small place, they really serve it up huge.went into for the first time today. wasn't super impressed. i tried the iced coffee. the barista told me they just pour hot coffee and espresso over ice. not terrible but definitely not a cold press. i'd be willing to try a latte if i stop in again. atmosphere is pretty normal for a neighborhood shop. any place that roasts their own beans can't be too terrible.prices aren't bad either. i paid less than three bucks for an iced coffee with caramel.super close to my house so it's really convenient. coffee is always on point and consistent and the staff is lovely!food is ok, but the hipsters behind the bar don't understand the concept of decorum and treat (more like mistreat) the customers based on their piss poor mood, apparently. if you want a wrap and a sandwich, there are plenty of other options down the street.two stars, according to yelp, means \"meh. \u00a0i've experienced better.\" \u00a0that is totally correct for gallery cafe. \u00a0it is average at best. \u00a0our fair city has many awesome coffee places, and gallery is far from awesome. \u00a0i think the problem actually may be the cups ... since our coffee tasted like the dumb cup.skip gallery and walk to plenty of other great coffee places in the neighborhood.106/365super cute little coffee shop! quirky local art, fun music, super nice barista. great selection of drinks & food. everything is made fresh & to order. i got a dirty chai - smoothest latte i've had, maybe ever. not a place to stop in if you're in a rush in the morning - only one person was working & it took a while to get my latte because the customer ahead of me ordered a sandwich. i'll be back on a weekend & see how the food is - it smelled awesome!the creative menu is the best part of this place. each dish is named after a famous artist: it's quite clever.the coffee was delicious, and the service relatively prompt. however, the food was very mediocre. my breakfast sandwich took way too long for a simple avocado and eggs on french roll. i've gotten better breakfast sandwiches at einstein bros. bagels. nice place though, good atmosphere.as both a featured artist at gallery cafe, and a customer i can only find positive things to say about this establishment. \u00a0ive had the pleasure of not only getting to know one of the owners, eugene (who was incredibly warm and professional), but i've also had the supreme pleasure of enjoying their hot chai tea lattes on many a cold chicago day. both experiences were wonderful, especially while being surrounded by the beautiful work by local artists, and cozy atmosphere. great place to read and enjoy a latte, or grab lunch with a friend. and you don't want to miss their monthly \"meet and greet\" with the shown artists. definitely a favorite chicago spot.i absolutely love this place! i work down the street, and spend almost 90% of my mornings stumbling into this place for a latte. all of the staff is friendly, knowledgable about coffee (that matters), and they are more than willing to go the extra mile to ensure your beverage, sandwich, or pastry is satisfactory. one time the manager went down the basement to grab me a drink holder for two coffees. i am shocked this place has such a poor rating on yelp. drink prices are on par with, if not cheaper than, a certain chain coffee shop located at milwaukee/damen/north and it makes me happy knowing my money is going to a local business owner. furthermore, the food is delicious and the sandwiches are all prepared fresh before your eyes and served with chips. local art is for sale on the wall and free wifi is accessible. this is definitely a place in the neighborhood to support.stopped by to grab a quick early morning coffee before heading to damen north dental across the street. even though getting coffee before seeing the dentist is counter intuitive, i'm going to make this a regular pre-dentist stop. the service was quick and the seating was plenty. the place is a little divey so i'm not sure if i would trust the food but the coffee was excellent.i live right around the corner from gallery cafe and decided to give this place a shot. \u00a0their coffee is amazing, one of the best i've had. \u00a0i decided to try one of their breakfast sandwiches one day and ordered the davinci. \u00a0pure bliss. \u00a0i ordered it with turkey sausage, pepperjack cheese, and tomato bread. their wifi is reliable and fast. \u00a0they have plenty of tables and outlets for you to work on, and if coffee refills are only .50! i could stay there all day and work, it's a nice cozy setting and the staff never pressures you to leave. \u00a0they mind their own business and let you do yo thang!only reason i gave it a 5 star is because it's a little too hipster for me, but it's all good in the hood.pretty cool place. they roast the beans in house so the coffee is good and the sandwiches are a total treat. no dogs allowed inside but there are dog treats by the door, cute. #localarti was drawn in by the clever looking sign and decided to stop for coffee thinking \"oh cool, i'll get to check out some art while i'm here\". \u00a0upon entry though i immediately noticed that for a place called gallery cafe... they have almost no artwork... lots of space for art, but no actual art. i noticed a total of 4 paintings and they weren't very good even in an ironic way. i noticed the sandwiches were named after famous artists but i'm sure they'd wonder why. the general design was relatively unspectacular and not very hip. they had bananas in a bucket that i wouldn't have eaten if they were free but the house labeled coffee itself was surprisingly delicious.... i drink it black so i was excited about that. it is self serve, $2 for a medium with 50 cent refills. the music was very blah: 60s pop hits....this place may be nice in the summer with its outdoor patio facing north ave... but i wasn't wowed and most likely will not return.i have seen this spot numerous times and it never occured to me to enter (that's what curb appeal will do...).in any case, i was in the need of a quick lunch, so this seemed like a good spot. \u00a0so, the food itself was pretty good if you like microwaved eggs. \u00a0i ordered an egg/cheese/avocado sandwich on a bagel. \u00a0i was watching her make the sandwich and i was extremely confused as avocado normally doesn't take elbow grease to get out of the container...she seemed to really be struggling. \u00a0was it frozen? \u00a0i'll never know...the eggs were definitely microwaved, but i guess that's what i get for a quick sandwich. \u00a0even with these oddities, the food was pretty good - hot and the cheese was melty. \u00a0however, my main complaint is that this spot is s \u00a0l \u00a0 o \u00a0 w..... \u00a0there is no reason this sandwich had to take so long to make. \u00a0i maybe should have guessed since the person taking the order seemed confused and then the woman making my sandwich was staring at the ingredients in a fog. \u00a0i was ordering to go...the group in front of me ordered to eat in. \u00a0i think they ordered some sandwiches...mine, even though i waited for what seemed like 30 min came out first! \u00a0my coffee also came out first before the group ahead of me. \u00a0they must have been extra annoyed with their wait. \u00a0in any case, the food was ok, but not really the home cooked lunch i was looking for and the service is so off that i'm not sure i want to return any time soon.one type of establishment that really should strive to be open on time is a coffee shop. yelp says open at 6:00. sign on the door says 7:00. all i know is at 7:15 on a friday it was pitch black inside. i was one of three people to walk up to the door in the couple minutes i was nearby. oh well.this is a great place to hang out and get coffee! the staff is so friendly and i love their dog-friendly outdoor patio where you can people watch on north ave! they do an amazing job supporting local artists and have great events in the evenings! definitely one of my favorite coffee shops in chicago.just stopped in and bought a coffee and muffin to go. i can only imagine how long that muffin had been sitting there before i bought it, because it was hard as a rock. i'm not exaggerating, my coworker and i spent 5 minutes trying to slice into it with a butter knife just to see if it was possible...it was not.maybe i'll try this place again in a month or two so i can buy something that was made today.warning before reading on: unfortunately i didn't get to try any of the coffee drinks here so this review is mostly for their ambiance and rice krispy treat! \u00a0like another reviewer said, this little coffee place flies under the radar and is very unsuspecting. \u00a0i think i've driven and walked by this place plenty of times without going in. \u00a0but i finally tried it while waiting for my order from puptection across the street. \u00a0i loved the funky hippy vibe of the place with the menu scrawled in different colored chalk, large floor to ceiling windows, funky art, and a few tables and booths scattered throughout. \u00a0the rice krispie treat i got here was tasty and their breakfast and sandwich menu sounded really good, i'll have to try those another time. \u00a0staff was ok-not super friendly but definitely not unfriendly. \u00a0the one thing i didn't dig so much is that there was a \"gandhi\" sandwich which i really think does not do justice to who he was. \u00a0naming a sandwich after one of our world peace leaders just doesn't seem right to me. \u00a0i was seated by the windows and was disappointed to see that there were no outlets near where i was--i'd have to get up and move tables to plug in my dying laptop, but by then i had to bounce anyway so it didn't affect this visit. \u00a0if i did want to stay for a couple of hours though i'd make sure you found a table near an outlet.honestly, the best cup of regular coffee in town. and i enjoy smelling them roasting the beans, since i live so close. the sandwiches are also very good and great variety. the interior is just lacking comfort.my favorite local spot for coffee. they have great sandwiches for lunch too. \u00a0 some outdoor seating when the weather is warm! be warned they close a little on the early side - 5pm.really cool staff, nice easy going vibe, big lack of hipster attitude (shame you can't do anything about the hipster *customers*, of course). \u00a0it would have been an easy 5 star review but felt the coffee was just slightly bitter. \u00a0strong and fast wi-fi though - you guys are just about almost there!just kinda meh. \u00a0got a biscotti, and it was hard as a rock.may favorite place to study or chill. since the new owners took over, the place has totally improved. coffee and espresso tastes great now, waaay better. there is always new cool artwork on the walls now. and i guess they have an art night for kids and adults. my favorite local coffee shop.been here many times as its just down the street, so i know their menu and coffee well. i mostly prefer to get their coffee which they let you pour your own and make to each individuals specifications. usually two good choices, one always being the house blend. today went with just an egg breakfast sandwich, the varo, which i chose due to the jalape\u00f1o peppers. wile i would have preferred more of these, you can't beat the taste and the quality of the handmade sandwich. i got mine on a pretzel roll with pepper jack cheese. they offer many varieties of sandwiches and have a nice outdoor patio for those wanting to linger around. i always come back for the cheap coffee and is truly what a local coffee shop should be.this place has so much potential!i've been here over the years and seen it change, go through employees (always a steadfast tall lanky blond man who had the best service), sadly most of employees who were by far the best are long gone. the food is ok, i would not order anything with meat in it, but in a jam its affordable and if you keep it vegg. your fine!the coffee is sub-par, nothing special, the espresso is often burnti've dealt with the owner krista several times there, she' seemed very disinterested in the prosperity of the place and generally seemed to also dislike her employees a lot too. this place is ok at bestactually, a 1 1/2. i had a delivery, which cost additional coins. keep this in mind. i ordered a davinci: eggs, bacon, tomato and cheese on a bagel. under special instructions i asked for the bagel toasted with butter, and the bacon crispy. not too high maintenance. what i got was an un-toasted bagel and fatty, undercooked bacon, and, wait for it, green eggs. yup the eggs were green. inedible. threw it out.coffee was fine (had a latte; asked for vanilla, it came without -- they charged for what i asked for); the banana nut muffin was ok (but glad to have it since my sandwich got put in the garbage. the smoothie is in the fridge because i simply couldn't handle any more disappointment.what a waste of a bastille day breakfast and a bunch of coins. the delivery guy was nice though. never again.this place has amazing coffee and exellent breakfast sammys. \u00a0the manet is my fave (eggs, provolone, and pesto) there is something special about the way they make the eggs, cant describe it. \u00a0i am giving it 4 stars because 80% of the time it takes forever to order, as well as get your food...even when there's only a few people there.also they always have different artwork up on the walls when i go in, which is a nice concept, but i have never been super impressed by it.grunge. \u00a0the staff was a little rough, you have to jump through loops to get to use the restroom - and the restroom was pretty nasty. \u00a0the honey bottle was clogged and covered in honey...seemed pretty par for the course.if i could give negative stars, i would. the staff are snobby and pretentious hipsters who all seem to have serious attitude problems. the girl i encountered actually made me feel that i was an inconvenience to her!! there is a minimum on credit cards, which is against visa policy rules on their website.the food is terrible, and the coffee is even worse. my friend ordered the hummus and vegetables and got a paper plate with gross-looking hummus and small squared of chopped vegetables .. how do you even dip that in the hummus?terrible! do not come here!!i had some time to kill and needed wifi so i popped in here for a coffee and some breakfast. \u00a0the wifi was reliable and fast but the music was so loud that it made it a bit hard to concentrate - especially for a saturday morning at 9am. \u00a0the bagel sandwiches looked inviting so i tried the gauguin with tomatoes. \u00a0the bagel was barely toasted and the cream cheese was barely there. \u00a0between the bland attitude staff and the even blander decor, i'll opt for the place across the street next time.i randomly walked by here when i was hungry and ahd a few mins to spare so i stopped in. \u00a0i ordered a veggie sandwich and it was really good and they take ccs which isn't entirely typical of the more hipsterish places in chicago. \u00a0i did notice a slight hipster attitude surrounding the service which is fine by me, but i definitely would understand if it rubbed others the wrong way.i'm so disappointed to read the negative reviews of the gallery cafe! \u00a0we live right near here and frequent it. \u00a0they have the best coffee - their house is my favorite. \u00a0the scones and muffins are fresh and delicious. \u00a0i also enjoy the breakfast sandwiches - yes, the wait can be a little longer than you'd wait at say dunkin' donuts or something, but who cares? \u00a0and the eggs aren't scrambled to order - but if you want that go to a sit down brunch place. \u00a0i've never had anything but a positive experience here and great service. the coffee is killer - i get it at least once a week.got a delicious coffee there, but jesus the service was dour! \u00a0i mean, how can you sell coffee and...clearly not drink it yourself? \u00a0oh so gloomy! i also got a piece of pumpkin bread, which i should have looked at closer. \u00a0it was small, which i appreciated (i hate those giant muffins or pieces of bread you can't finish), but it turned out to be the heel of the loaf. \u00a0lame!the ambience is cute, didn't look around long enough to really notice.the java mocha caramel chiller is tasty! i went for lunch and ordered a sandwich and it comes with chips and they didn't let me substitute anything for the chips. it probably would have gotten 4 stars if i could have another option besides chips with my sandwich. probably won't go back.very underwhelming. the beverages are always too hot to be consumed, like really really hot. i got a bagel there today, and they did not bother to put the cream cheese on for me. they gave me little cream cheese packets that smelled of a nasty body odor. it took so long for them to prepare my bagel, that i was shocked they did not put on the cream cheese. also the chalk board menu is very difficult to read. go to wormhole or cippolina instead.i'm giving this four stars for the potential i see in it. \u00a0it was my own fault for not reading the hours listed and dropping in with a book to get cozy for a while with only 15 minutes left before closing. \u00a0i did enjoy my 15 minutes however. \u00a0i ordered a latte and was pleased they offered almond milk. \u00a0i liked the amount of natural light in the coffee shop, the benefits of being on a corner with all windows. \u00a0the tall ceilings also helped. \u00a0i would certainly like to try this place again but with more than 15 minutes to take it all in.i stopped in with a fiend on a whim and i had the most amazing smoothie- i think it's called monkey power. i'm already thinking about when i can go back and get another! so delicious! \u00a0i can't comment on coffee but i was very impressed by the selection of hot teas available. \u00a0i was surprised to read that some people felt the baristas were rude, i had the exact opposite experience- i found the servers to be extra friendly and knowledgeable. \u00a0i'll be back for sure!this place was great. it was cold, rainy and miserable outside and we had spent sometime looking for a spot to stop, sit, and have something warm while killing time before heading to the airport. after wandering around the area for the better part of an hour, we stumbled in here.i ordered a coffee, a soy latte and a veggie sandwich to go. i giggled to myself when the guy at the counter told me he'd have my latte \"fashioned\" for me in just a second. i was sorry later. it literally was fashioned, one of the best coffee drinks i've ever had, complete with the leaf pattern across the foam on top and everything. maybe i'm easily impressed.sure, service was a little slow, but the guy was working alone, and was fairly busy. i was not unhappy with the time i was to wait, nor did i find the service at all unpleasant. the sandwich was still really good when i ate it at the airport a few hours later. for the quality, it's worth a wait.i enjoy the coffee and other specialty drinks here. \u00a0i would say it's not a place i would go out of my way to go (especially since i no longer live in the neighborhood) but i'll stop by if i'm in the area.the caf\u00e9 is a nice place to sit and hang out with friends or alone. \u00a0they don't have as much seating (or nearly as nice seating) as a starbucks or caribou or something, but it's still a place to go. \u00a0they also have free wifi, which is really nice if you bring your laptop. \u00a0when i went there were a lot of laptoppers, so i presume there's also outlets, as well. \u00a0the food is also pretty decent. \u00a0i had a sandwich with chips and i was actually surprised that the food was quality. \u00a0i really enjoyed it.this morning i paid $5.17 for a large burnt coffee and a muffin that was definitely not made today. this is pretty much the gallery cafe experience in a nutshell. i've gone to this place a couple times in the past couple weeks, since it's on my way to work. here are a few places you could go to get a better cup of coffee:- buzz espresso, goddess & grocer, the intelligentsia place across the street, or any of wicker park's ample coffeehouses-dunkin donuts-the coffee machine in our kitchenthe ambiance is decent, and the employees are friendly, and that's why this place gets two stars. i think my best experience here was meeting somebody from craigslist to buy a cell phone, but that's only because it was a great cell phone.this is our favorite place in the area for delicious breakfast sandwiches and coffee. \u00a0i highly recommend ordering your egg sandwich on their foccacia. \u00a0it's so fluffy and tomatoey and wonderful. \u00a0the sandwiches are named after artists, and there is a great selection of toppings from roasted red peppers to pesto to avocado. \u00a0i haven't eaten lunch here, but i only imagine it is also tasty. \u00a0sandwiches are about $7.50 each.this place is absolutely amazing they do alll there food by famous artist names the sandwich that i did is a pretzel warhol \u00a0it was amazingly good and i will be coming back here again real soonjust plain horrible: bad staff, mean owner, danky paint color, bland coffee, etc.nice atmosphere, cheap, but good food. \u00a0have only been here once, but just moved into the neighborhood and can't wait to go back.good coffee, casual environment, \u00a0delicious food and smoothies. simple place with friendly staff.i will start with what i don't like: if you order food it is slow, and don't expect happy smiley customer service.everything i have ordered here has been good though. coffee, smoothies, bfast sandwiches, even desserts. i also love that they have almond milk since i can't have soy or dairy.great coffee and i love their breakfast sandwiches. \u00a0the only drawback is they seem to be understaffed in the mornings. \u00a0only one person works the first couple of hours. \u00a0so if you want a breakfast sandwich, be prepared to wait or call in the order.i really enjoyed this place. i ordered a large iced tea and a tuna sandwich since i was dying due to lack of protein. \u00a0i don't eat fish but it was my last choice and so i went for it. i noticed that their tuna has no mayo in it which was a plus. \u00a0the guys at the counter took a while to notice i was ready to order. lol. so heres what made coming here a great experince...they were playing all the songs from school house rock!!!!! i was totally feelin it!!!! i was in love. \u00a0the iced tea was good. very refreshing. the tuna was good. i had no complaints. it had carrots which added a nice texture to it. \u00a0overall the food was good and the experience was ok. \u00a0the staff needs to pay a bit more attention to the customers though.my friend recently took me here. i love this coffee shop already. very eclectic music selection, friendly baristas, nice atmosphere, big window. the cut out newspaper horoscope made me smile. the coffee was great. we ordered a latte and a mocha latte. both were tasty. will be returning here very soon. :)i just wanted to note that lately the shakes have not been tasting so great; they seem almost watered down or something. \u00a0i've heard this from a few other people too. \u00a0hopefully its a few isolated incidents. on another note, the people that work here have seemed to get a little friendlier lately as well.i want so badly for this place to be good. \u00a0it has a great location and could be such a great replacement for much that has been lost in this neighborhood ... but, it's just not.i won't be as strong about the coffee comments as others, the coffee/food here in my opinion is just okay.what makes this place truly disappointing is the \"service\"... i'm so disappointed with the level of service here. \u00a0*really* slow... they just generally couldn't care less. \u00a0god help you if you visit before closing.sadly, you can go just up the street to starbucks - or north on damen to several other more friendly coffee/sandwich shops.i'm very hopeful that one day something will change here.what a waste of real estate.i've been here twice. both times sucked. here, in reverse chronological order, is why i'll never go again:today, figuring a second chance was fair, i walked in and smelled nothing but burned coffee - - you know, that rank smell when coffee has been sitting in a pot, on the burner, for way too long.yuck.the first time i patronized this place the americano was so hot it was undrinkable. i told the lady it was way too hot and asked that she remake it. she brought me an ice cube.my friend and i tried this place earlier this morning and wow were we disappointed! the menu looked great and we were excited to try this place. my food was average at best, but that wasn't even the problem. my friend (who i should note is very low maintenance) ordered an egg sandwich w turkey or chicken sausage. after one bite she noticed the turkey sausage tasted a bit \"off\". after i tasted it i agreed. she went back to the counter and nicely told the person working there. i thought immediately they would of just apologized and made her a new one. not the case, they basically told her too bad. she then asked if they would just give her a bagel and cream cheese instead. they refused. when we walked out immediately following, a person walking by saw how annoyed we were and said \"oh you don't like the food their either?\". ironically the person on the street had the same problem with a different breakfast sandwich a few months earlier. it's really too bad bc i wanted to like this place, but food poisoning is no fun and i can't imagine how they could treat their customers the way they treated my really sweet friend. if you want a great breakfast try flo, milk and honey or bongo room. don't chance it here.been a while since i've been here, but i owe them a review. \u00a0this place was a go-to for me for a while. \u00a0as far as coffee places in chicago goes, it's one of the few good ones. \u00a0i could hear underground hip hop on the stereo here, cute, cool baristas, good wifi, and a chill atmosphere. \u00a0good spot to try.why so sad? everyone who works there seemed to be on the verge of suicide or just quitting.....what's up with that? had a pre-packaged smoothie mixed with mango juice that was average but nothing i could'nt have made at home. especially for $5. \u00a0the music was way too loud for a sunday morning.....the location is really all they have going for them. \u00a0i hope someone doesn't open something better in their immediate vicinity because this shop will go under quickly. i guess i just wish that their was something a little more unique about it.....for being called 'gallery'.this place is more than just a coffee shop - they have all sorts of food as well. \u00a0i enjoyed a root beer float while sitting in a sunny booth in the front. \u00a0as i dined i glanced around and noticed that they have a lot of outlets. \u00a0this may sound like a strange observation, but as someone who travels frequently for work and has fruitlessly sought out outlets in many locations, it was nice to see that if i'd had my computer with me i wouldn't be fighting some other patron for power.my favorite thing about this place is easily the music they play in the background - soft opera and other classical music - perfect.this place has exactly what i need. \u00a0actually, excellent music most of the time. one of the barristas was playing a ton of minimal electronic music the last time i was there. \u00a0damn good refillable drip coffee for a good price ($2) and if you're hungry, a sandwich and chips that is also excellent for the price. \u00a0if you want to find a place to do some work on wifi while you drink coffee, and have the option to buy food that doesn't cost an arm and a leg while you're at it, then this is the place in wicker park.walking up to the cafe i was a blank canvas. it seemed a bit minimalist...like a canvas painted black...a new begining. but alas they were open after all as a multi-colored neon announced.the menu board was clearly an excercise in pointalism... so much choice crammed into an elementary school sized portrait of a cafe! breakfast, lunch and dinner provides many a chance for you to render several studies before completing a masterpiece of an opinion.many subjects and shades of coffee are on exposition. they take pride in their craftsmanship and artistry. delectible!their foods are definitely muse inspired, not your mcbreakfast here. these are mural sized and satisfying breakfasts! lunch appears equally illuminating.if you are tired of being starbucked this is a great place to spend like a starving artist and eat like a patron. few galleries can house this many great works. it's worth a try!reasons why i like this place: 1. \u00a0it reminds me of a coffee shop/sandwich place that i would find down in athens, ohio where i went to school. \u00a0local, small, good food, cozy feel. \u00a0i miss athens and all of it's fantastic food choices, so this brings that feeling back for me.2. \u00a0right down the street from my bf's house. \u00a0so when he is in desperate need for some food because he is extremely hung over, it's easy to run down there and get the food before he ralphs...ha.3. \u00a0good sandwiches and lots of choices.reasons why it lost a star...1. \u00a0coffee is not that good. \u00a0very bitter. \u00a02. \u00a0they never put radishes on the one sandwich i get (which in the description it says \"radishes\") so i have to ask for it on the side!! \u00a0i like this place and i will continue to come back!i wish i could write a more in depth review of this place because it seemed to have potential. \u00a0i however spent about 15 minutes in this place, all of which were in a line that never moved. \u00a0i had sympathy for the one less than rapid guy who was having to do everything, i just didn't have any more time to give to my hopes for an iced tea and a snack.maybe i'll change my mind if i ever muster up enough patience to give gallery cafe another shot. \u00a0bummer.addendum a: ok, so i made it back in an it moved up considerably for me. \u00a0yummy coffee. \u00a0cute employees. \u00a0carol's cookies. \u00a0yummy breads. i'm glad i gave it another chance for a first impression ;)i'm not a frequenter of coffee-shops - they totally intimidate me and i always feel like i have no idea what i'm ordering or looking for or requesting. i depend upon my friends who i'm actually ordering for to give me as many specifics in preparation for any and all questions a barista might ask me in regards to their order. i always feel like i'm the only person who doesn't know where to properly order and then where to pick-up, and i always feel like the baristas are laughing at me... so basically i'm a wreck in a coffee shop - and this place is quite simply a coffee-shop that also sells food. my chagall was actually really good, but i thought the breakfast sandwiches were slightly overpriced - especially in comparison to the lunch options that came with a side. i ordered at one area, had to pick-up my food at another and had to pick up my friends coffee beverages at yet another - totally across the room. having to shove my way through the lines of customers to pick-up the drinks one-at-a-time, was not fun. i was such a wreck by the time that i left, that i totally missed a step out front and almost dropped/threw/spilled everything i was carrying and quite nearly broke my ankle as well. not worth a pretty delicious sandwich.came here for the first time on saturday (2/2/08). \u00a0i desperately needed to get out of the house because i was going stir crazy but really needed a relatively quiet place to study. \u00a0gallery cafe was perfect. \u00a0music was good, tea was good, service was fine and i got my shit done. \u00a0all in all -- a good experience. oh, and easy-to-use free internet. \u00a0fantastic.had a good experience with the staff. coffee was great, food was good. but, sandwiches are way overpriced for the portion. total bummer.this is my go to place for breakfast after a night out. with their large menu of breakfast-ish items, i always find something to hit the spot. food items i go for:* breakfast sandwiches (all named after famous artists. all unique and great)* muffins (they have a number of delicious, wrapped up muffins)* coffee (their house blend is very decent). * smoothies (they have a number of flavors and combinations). although i frequent this place, there are a few things that could be improved:* their service is pretty slow. usually there are only two people working the counter. so when they get 4 or 5 orders deep, you can be waiting up to 10 mins for your food. but if you have time, it's worth it. * their staff is cordial but i don't think they've ever been \"friendly\". as other people have noted, they sometimes seem unhappy to be there. but i've never had anybody be mean or snobby to me. * the tables are a little close together, so it can be awkward trying to talk with a friend when somebody is quietly working on their computer right next to you. but it's a coffee shop, not a library. so, overall, i would recommend it as a way to start a sunday morning.the first time i came to gallery cafe, it was when my roommate and i were freezing our asses off during \u00a0an apartment search in wicker park. \u00a0looking for some food and hot coffee, we stumbled upon gallery cafe. \u00a0thank goodness we did. \u00a0we both ordered the rembrandt breakfast sandwich (eggs, avocado spread, tomato, choice of cheese - i like swiss). \u00a0 \u00a0it's especially delicious on a toasted croissant. \u00a0i try and come in here anytime i can (although i've started duplicating the rembrandt at home). \u00a0usually order breakfast, but the lunch sandwiches are good too. \u00a0i love how vegetarian-friendly this place is - i never have trouble finding something to order.coffee choices are good and they also have smoothies/blended coffee drinks. \u00a0the java chiller is great on a hot day.when i ordered a blt sandwich, it took forever to make. they finally called my name, but i discovered that they had a question about my order. they hadn't even started making it yet! aaaggh!oh, the question was a good one. \"do you want lettuce on that?\"um, yes. i do.what did they think the \"l\" stood for in \"blt,\" i wonder?cafes, cafes, cafes...having decided to check out as many independent cafes as possible this year, i realized i pass or drive by the gallery all the damn time so i headed over there this morning for an official look-see.the gimmick is cutesy -- each sandwich is named after an artist -- get it? \u00a0the menu des artistes looked comprehensive enough with lots of options for a decent breakfast or lunch as well many choices for vegetarians and even vegans. \u00a0counter staff were a bit on the \"i'm cool cuz i work at a cafe\" side although i actually made one of them smile by getting really psyched about their tea, which is the republic of tea brand and my absolute fave so i was excitedly blithering and bathering about that. \u00a0i settled in at one of the booths, which was notably comfy, and contented myself with a spate of people watching and tea sipping.overall, the gallery cafe is comme ci, comme ca. \u00a0i would certainly go back but in terms of neighborhood cafes i feel there's a handful of places with a better atmosphere. \u00a0c'est la vie.i used to love coming here for a hopper pita pocket at least twice a week (before i moved to lincoln park). although, i dreaded coming here to order a pita pocket. why? the people (or kids) who work here are so damn slow. i listened to a kid have a conversation with another girl who was making coffee for 5 minutes before anyone took my order. and this kid had the nerve to give me a dirty look for standing there waiting to indulge in a delicious pita pocket. hello? i'm paying your salary son so you can live your dream and become a painter. don't get me wrong. the food is really good. make sure you leave your afternoon wide open because you'll need time to wait for your food.perhaps i don't have as delicate a palette as some of the other yelpers, but the coffee at gallery cafe tastes no more or less bitter than coffee does anywhere else. \u00a0i wouldn't say it's the best coffee i've ever tasted, but it beats out convenience store swill and just about anything i can make.as far as the help, no one there has been anything but nice to me, and i'm a fairly grumpy, terse customer, so this is no small praise. \u00a0plus, if you didn't want a sassy barista, what the fuck did you go to a coffee shop for?i can understand some complaints that the service is slow, but one can stand at the counter and watch them make your meal or drink fresh. \u00a0they're not lolly-gagging around; it just takes more than 10 seconds to make a decent sandwich. \u00a0time yourself at home and see if you can beat them. \u00a0anyway, they've got \u00a0plenty of prepackaged, ready to eat food at the counter for those too impatient to wait.anyone who goes someplace besides a library or their bedroom to study and then complains of the noise is, in this yelper's opinion, an r-tard. \u00a0the music isn't really my style, but if it bothered me that much, i'd bring headphones.basically, i like this place, but i don't like the asshats that come there just to complain. \u00a0do the regular patrons a favor and go to star$$ if you've got a rectal twig.if you like big crowded coffee shops where you are so close you can smell the smoke/booze off your neighbor, this place is not for you.the staff is really friendly, and the environment is very low key. not too many people, but sometimes i think that is the perk.free wifi, good coffee and an overall good coffee shop.good coffee and good sandwiches. a bit overpriced and you have to plan to wait a while on the weekends. i'd probably go to starbucks if it were closer. i know, i'm a bad person. free wifi though. stay away from the carrol's cookies here. freshness is questionable.edit: i am bumping them up one more star because they play pinback a lot.they've got coffee for $1 here! \u00a0it definitely beats 7-11 coffee on a cold or tired day. \u00a0not the best place for food or atmosphere though..coffee is okay but the food is average and overpriced. this is not a good place to work as there aren't enough tables/outlets and wi-fi is super slow. \u00a0tables are a wee bit too close together too. and i agree with laura p.; the baristas need to lighten up a bit.decent little place to get a bite to eat and have a very average cup of coffee. the sandwiches are good and i do like how every wrap sandwich and plate is named after a famous artist. its been around a while and seems to be unaffected by the gentrification that has exploded around its location. i kinda love that.slackerness rules here - its a laid back place to chill out \u00a0and grab a bite in wicker park.the good:my super-fattening caramel latte wasn't half bad, and neither was the blueberry scone. aside from that this place is just a big no-no. i showed up a full hour before closing and the girl at the counter didn't want to make me a sandwich. i asked what the hawaiin kona tasted like and on top of not describing it very well \"it's very good\" she gave me this attitude like i was an idiot for not having had it already or knowing about it. then when i asked for a cup she said she would have to make it. the tables are crowded. the wireless is not working. and every time a song stops she has to go over and pick a new one on her ipod. i don't really like listening to the clicking sound of her scrolling through songs repeatedly.just... don't do it.good location if you live in the area and can walk over. \u00a0the service is slow though expect to wait 10 minutes for your sandwich to be made. \u00a0specialty drinks (lattes, etc..) are priced about the same as starbucks.don't judge a book by its cover. this humble little place is quite tasty. i had been here a few times for coffee and wifi. recently went here for food to try something different in the neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. i ordered the kahlo (breakfast wrap) and it was awesome. i ordered the klimt (lunch wrap) on my trip back the next weekend and it was rockin as well.this place has the worst operations i've ever seen. \u00a0there are 3 or 4 people working with 3 or 4 customers and it takes 20 to 25 minutes to get a bagel and cream cheese and a cup of coffeee. \u00a0the staff look like they're just hanging out and working when they get bored. \u00a0 the only reason anyone goes there is because of proximity and conveience. \u00a0i would reccommend that you go anywhere else you can. \u00a0even if it's a bit further walk, you'll save time overall because they're so slow. \u00a0carribou and starbucks are not that far. i get the whole appeal of the non-corporate place to hang out, but that doesn't dictate miserable service.i came here to study, but the lighting was so bad that i could barely see my book. it's also pretty small, which means the seating is shoved together in a cramped space. i don't know why a good coffee shop that doesn't close at 6 and has decent lighting and seating is so hard to find in the bucktown/wicker park area. i've been camping out at starbucks (which has ridiculously loud music) out of necessity, but it would be nice if there was something locally owned.hmmm...i stopped in, got a nice little coffee (iced & black, hard to mess up), got a nice wrap, ate it on the nice little sidewalk patio... \u00a0everything i expected. i didn't expect much and i didn't get much... \u00a0 it doesn't mean they suck! \u00a0come on people!...:-)not a sit back and relax type of place... the tables are too close together and the set-up in general is just not inviting. \u00a0it seems like a place more ideal to stop in for your morning coffee on the way to work. \u00a0i was hoping for a snack but the sandwiches didn't seem like anything i couldn't run home to make for half the price. \u00a0there wasn't anything in the bakery display besides some dry looking bagels. \u00a0the tea was \"okay\" (just boxed tea so can't really screw that up). \u00a0i did hear 2 customers ask for their coffee to be warmed up again. \u00a0strange as i had to wait about 20 mins to steal my first sip of my scalding tea.the iced coffee they brew is divine, not too dark a roast.. the breakfast wraps are great, my girl and i often share them on the drive to work we like the people who work there, too.i'm not a coffee person, so i can't comment much on that, but their smoothies are great! \u00a0i had a peach party smoothie with an apple base... it was awesome!also, i had a \"botticelli\" wrap - chicken, pesto, artichokes, lettuce, red onion, and a tomato wrap... quite delicious as well. \u00a0i was impressed with all of their different choices on the menu. \u00a0will definitely be going back to try more out.and i don't mind the atmosphere... a little crowded, but at least 99% of the people shower on a regular basis.this morning i walked 1 mile to gallery cafe and it was worth every step.the owner is friendly and helpful. i love this place. i love the simplicity and the folks who work there are so nice every time i go in there. i love the dark coffee and i drink it everyday. it is consistently great. bottom line, fine coffee, caring owners, a top-notch experience at a tiny neighborhood coffee joint.there's few places open early in this neighborhood so it's a good place to grab breakfast. breakfast sandwiches are named for famous painters and are very tasty (hold the salt and pepper though?). free wireless is always a plus.ultimately, i'm just glad there isn't a sandwich named the van gogh...there is nothing more galling than being charged extra for soy milk in your coffee. we don't live in wyoming, this should be a basic service of any coffeeshop in chicago. that isn't the only problem with gallery, but it is the one that pisses me off the most.kind of an unsuspecting place, but gallery cafe does great coffee roasted in-house with a cool, old-fashioned roasting machine. i used to come here for beans until i found big shoulders on milwaukee and chicago, which does even better house roasts. but this place is a good second choice, and surprisingly, they have pretty good sandwiches too.full disclosure: i never tried the food here and i'm not a big coffee drinker. \u00a0what's \"meh\" about gallery to me is that they have the exact same tea selection as panera. \u00a0sorry, but you're never going to be my local go-to place that way.good coffee and breakfast sandwiches. (i usually come in the morning so i can't comment on their lunch options.) i live in the area and come here often. i've always found the staff to be pleasant, and coffee drinks are pretty fast. (food takes a bit longer--the prep area looks small so i think they can only do one sandwich or bagel at a time--but it's not overly slow.) the ambiance isn't fancy, but it's a nice place to work, given the free wifi. there are a couple of power outlets around for those with short laptop battery lives.i've been coming here for years. great sandwiches and they roast their own coffee. the owner is nice and she appreciates her customers. my price review is for food and coffee, not just the drinks.burnt coffee! every time. \u00a0how come i seem to be the only one commenting on this? \u00a0you can smell burnt gallery coffee from blocks away! \u00a0most days i can smell it from outside my apartment 4 blocks away -thanks guys! at least just indulge and that new cr\u00eape place opened right next to them so i can get a decent cup of coffee...the breakfast sandwiches my boyfriend and i got were really good and so was the coffee...the only thing i didnt like was that we had to wait a half hour for our food. \u00a0it was a saturday morning at 10:15 when we got in and we finally left at 10:45. \u00a0i wouldnt consider that a peak time and there werent too many people there, but there were only 2 people working. \u00a0we will definitely come back though because it was so good and the place itself is a cool place, but we will only come back when we have plenty of time to wait.it's exactly what you'd expect walking up to the place. an uncomplicated little coffee shop with the standards and a decent tea selection. my lemon bread was a little cloying but at least it was lemony. and i think maybe the burning smell some folks mentioned was caused by the ginormous coffee roasting machine... it is a little rank, i'll admit that. but the service was fine when i came, prompt and cheerful (i had the guy though, not the blond chick).best oatmeal on the planet! great for websurfn and the americano is addictive like crack. sandwich of the month names need work, but otherwise the food is the cat's pajamas. love the staff, skinny blond \u00a0guy is the man!i'll say the best part first, the coffee here is the best you'll get in the area. \u00a0the beans are roasted and ground in-store, and the difference is obvious.everything else about gallery, however, is just outright irritating. \u00a0every person who's taken my order at gallery had an awful attitude and couldn't possibly be more bored to ring me through. \u00a0it's made abundantly clear that the other side of the counter is not a priority to these american apparel models in training. \u00a0this is a real shame, because they seem like pretty interesting and fun people when they're talking to each other (as you're trying to order). \u00a0you pour your coffee for yourself at the tank, which is fine, but it makes the $.50 charge for refill seem a bit steep. \u00a0maybe you're paying to avoid a staffer's eyes being rolled at you when you bother them for more coffee. \u00a0the tables are small and cramped together, and not very comfortable if you plan on hanging around for a while. \u00a0the wifi signal is very weak and drops out fairly regularly, as well. \u00a0don't even bother if you need to do any kind of work online.if you're just popping in for a cup to go, you're set (assuming you aren't left waiting at the counter). \u00a0if you are looking to enjoy yourself for a while, avoid the attitude and head down to alliance bakery on division. \u00a0the coffee doesn't stack up, but the staff and atmosphere are worth it.gallery cafe has a very extensive menu for such a little place. \u00a0the breakfast sandwiches are yummy. \u00a0the coffee will put hair on your chest, as the overwhelming odor of roasted (burning) coffee beans on occasion clearly indicates. \u00a0it's definitely an acquired taste. \u00a0the service has never been particularly friendly, but i always get what i ask for and that counts for something. \u00a0 just be careful when getting take-out, b/c the steaming hot eggs will make the bread/bagel soggy by the time you get home.the gallery cafe is gem. \u00a0i have been going there for a couple of years now and i have not been to a starbucks since. \u00a0the only negative experience i had was a brief period (about a year ago) where the roaster was working a little too hard, but they got it corrected and it's been great ever since. \u00a0great food, great service and fair prices. \u00a0it's no wonder the recently opened \"brand-name\" coffee shop across the street is nearly empty most of the time.can someone (preferably the owners) tell me why it always smells like something is burning? i don't suffer from any health problems but every time i go in, even just to pick up and go, i have trouble breathing that stuff in much less stick around to eat! you folks are always packed because of your free wi-fi but i can't see myself going here to relax, drink coffee and order up a sandwich. as for counter service, you might as well have a robot serving you up. no customer service what-so-ever. try smiling, looking up or being nice once in awhile, it won't kill ya! this goes for everyone. i've been served by almost everyone there and if the owner cared at all, get some personalities in there. in a day and age where service is key, why would you sell yourselves short?i come to gallery pretty much everyday. as i live a block away. there staff is way cool and \u00a0very friendly. the coffee is good and so is the food. there is free wi-fi with no limit on time. i tend to do most of my surfing there and hang out with friends. it has a real nice neighborhood vibe, so its welcoming and not snobby. nor is it the starbucks feel of corporate coffee. so as far as wicker park coffee shops this one is the best by far. and i have lived in this hood gor about five years.terrible place. not much more to say other than they have the worst service and this wasn't my first time. waited for more than 15 minutes in line with only one person in front of us and never were greeted or asked what we wanted so we left....there wasn't even anyone in there so not sure what the hold up was. i will never return. also way over priced. much better places to get a cup of coffee (across the street and next door).i love gallery cafe. \u00a0it's my friendly neighbourhood caffeine establishment. \u00a0everyone is always nice and friendly. \u00a0it's sort of the antithesis of starbucks. \u00a0i get the impression that the employees really like working there. \u00a0in the year i've been going i don't notice any employee turn over. they roast their own coffee in a giant roasting machine so you know it's fresh and delicious. \u00a0i've had probably 5 or 6 of the food selections and they've always been fresh and tasty. \u00a0my favourite is when rachel makes me a peanut butter and jelly with bananas. \u00a0hmmmm. i'm happy to see they've extended the weekend hours. \u00a0i hope they keep it that way!they have the best house blend coffee! they roast the beans right there in the cafe. while the service can be slow at times and i am an inpatient person, i gladly wait at this place. it can be hard to get a seat on a weekend morning or early afternoon but on a weekday this place is rather empty. the music they play is very chill and mellow, it doest interfere with your work/reading. they also feature many local artists' work on their walls. i think this place is perfect to grab a bagel and coffee.i get my coffee here every morning. \u00a0fabulous! \u00a0try the costa rican roast.i don't usually order food when i come here because i live so close to it, but i do enjoy their beverages on special occasions. \u00a0service here is pretty unpredictable. \u00a0sometimes you will be greeted by a super friendly server, and sometimes, the person behind the bar will act like you are an inconvenience. \u00a0so that is one thing i think gallery could do better on. \u00a0and on the occasions that i have ordered food, it took forever to get it. \u00a0all in all, gallery cafe is a unique place, with both a unique food and drink menu, but can streamline the service. \u00a0if they do that, they will be the best coffee shop in town!boyfriend took me here because he loved the manet sandwich. i tried the kandinsky sandwich. it was okay. the person behind the counter was not friendly nor helpful to me. i didn't feel welcomed there.stopped in this morning and pick up a breakfast burritos, outstanding! i'm not a huge fan of the coffee they brew, but the food makes up for the coffee.this place needs to stop buying its own press. \u00a0the coffee was on par with what you'd find at a gas station, except with a sheen of frou-frou hipsterism that apparently eminates from the word \"gallery\" being in the name. \u00a0i used to live right by this place, and stopped frequenting it after a few visits as it just wasn't worth it. \u00a0i thought it was expensive, and had needlessly long waits.just really 'meh'. their coffee to me sucks. it tastes incredibly bitter. their bagels are like what a jewish new yorker fears they would find in iowa and yeah, the attitude of at least one of the barista's (the sad looking blonde) is a lot to put up with just to eat something on the run. \u00a0just really sustenance and that's about it. the guy is nice though and they do have the horoscopes posted daily.while i was eating my sandwich, i thought to myself \"julie, you're so lazy, you could have made this yourself at home!\" \u00a0but on the bright side, it only cost me $4, which is is pretty darn cheap. \u00a0i'll probably go back to try the breakfast sandwiches - they all sound fantastic; however, i can't really say i would recommend gallery cafe. \u00a0its a convenient neighborhood spot, but it has zero ambiance (you'd think a place called gallery cafe would be artsy and cute... but its not). \u00a0i just don't think its that special - particularly in an area like bucktown that has so many great places to sit and eat.have spent several afternoons in the gallery cafe and was just back recently. \u00a0the coffee and other drinks are quite good, the atmosphere super laid back and the wi-fi is free. \u00a0it actually reminds me of the little places you find in san francisco in the mission neighborhoods and definitely hasn't gotten overly \"cool.\" \u00a0frankly i could sit all day here and work and would probably do so more if i lived anywhere near the place. there's even a fedex/kinkos across the street to mail your important documents. :)i would come here to read since the place is so empty. at least it was when i went on a saturday night. my friend and i came in here for hot chocolate cravings. not bad at all although it would help mr barista who served us to smile every once in awhile. it's not that hard; i too was a barista at a few coffee shops.ugh. the music is so loud that i can barely study. also, my coffee had been brewing all day long and was disgustingly bitter. i need fresh coffee!cute concept, good location, decent service, crappy coffee. \u00a0i've never eaten the food at gallery cafe but i've had different coffee drinks on separate visits and have always been disappointed. \u00a0it's just not good. \u00a0and once i went there and they had chik fil-a straws. \u00a0how the heck they even got chik fil-a straws is baffling considering there aren't any chik fil-a restaurants in the tri state area. \u00a0i'm guessing they stole them and just put them in the straw dispenser? \u00a0kinda hard to ignore the tackiness of it all when 'chik fil-a' is clearly printed on the straw wrapper. \u00a0anyhow, the place could use a good scrubbing too. \u00a0it always looks grimey in there.white chocolate latte is a must! also, the breakfast sandwiches are big and yummy! the staff is as nice as can be too!i love this place! i work right down the street so i look forward to work so i can get my coffee here. $2 for a large iced coffee, and $.50 for a refill....great! they are friendly most everytime i am there. not only do i love their coffee, but the divinci breakfast sandwhich, klimt wrap are sooooo yummy! the muffins are great, if you have some calories to spare indulge in the chocolate chip cheesecake muffin!!!! and i believe they have the best veggie spread too! i can't say enough that i love this place....i wish i lived a little closer so i can go everyday!!!decent sandwiches for lunch, but they do take a long time to make them. also, as another reviewer commented, the roasting coffee beans fill the place with smokiness, and it clings to your clothes and hair for the rest of the day.totally unfriendly, uncool staff. \u00a0slow production. \u00a0loud music that stinks. \u00a0bitchy/ugly staff. \u00a0the hours don't make sense (close at 8pm - a coffeeshop?) and the clientelle is pure yuppie.sad to read so many disappointing reviews. \u00a0i imagine my optimism stems from a soft spot for neighborhood coffee shops, but i like this place. \u00a0their breakfast menu is exactly what i would expect from a cafe like this, and frankly i don't think you can ever go wrong with something eggy and cheesy with a side of caffeine. \u00a0just sayin'...how this place even gets 3 stars is beyond me. the coffee is over roasted. the tables are filthy. the wraps and sandwiches are sloppy and bland... and overpriced. 7 bucks and you don't even get a pickle spear or handful or chips? why is this place still here? maybe if you live in the neighborhood you go there for the free wi-fi, but it should not be on anybody's shortlist for a good lunch.i had the wrap that included many veggies and hummus, and it was by far one of the best wraps i've ever had.the vanilla late i had was very strong and not my favorite. the location is prime, but the prices are a little on the high end for a cafe. overall, i will go back only for the food, but i will not go during prime lunch time, since there were no tables open when i went. and, i will get an ice water instead of any drink with caffeine.flush $15 down the toilet and you'll have the same experience. i was shocked at how rude the two girls behind the counter were. they seemed aggravated that we wanted to dine in at 7:20pm on a thursday evening. after realizing that she made the wrong wrap for me, one of them handed it to me anyway and said, \"do you want to just eat it anyway? it's pretty much the same thing.\" i had ordered pesto grilled chicken breast, and she made deli sliced turkey + coppicola. i said no.at 7:50 when i was halfway into my mediocre meal, she yelled \"everybody, we're closing in 5 minutes!\" and began shutting off the lights.$12 for a wrap and milkshake here? don't waste your money. wicker park has a bounty of other sandwich/coffee shops that don't come with the snobby attitude or poor service.rude service. overpriced. dumpy atmosphere. mediocre tasting coffee. only come here if you really really need a cup of coffee exactly at the moment that you're crossing wood street on your way to someplace more interesting.so i live relatively close now, and an update is due. \u00a0while it's still fairly difficult to get a seat, i dig this spot. \u00a0the coffee is good, the food is good (better options then most shops), and they recently upgraded many of their tables and chairs. \u00a0internet never seems to be an issue here, and the staff has grown on me (for the most part). \u00a0they also finally added some curtains so if you are sitting by the windows in the afternoon you aren't constantly blinded.i give them 4.5 stars (subtracting a 1/2 star for the bathrooms which could use a little updating). \u00a0bonus for the free espresso shot when you buy one of their bags of coffee. \u00a0that should be standard everywhere.roasted: came here because i couldn't drink the coffee at the last place and was really hoping for a better experience. this is a quiet cafe in logan square - kind of reminds me of a 50's diner converted into a coffee shop. they don't offer any sugar free options which is common among the third wave shops. the latte was not good. the espresso was bitter - i struggled to drink the latte and sadly didn't enjoy it. my latte art was sad - i appreciate the attempt but didn't get even a flower. nice to have for here mugs. has to put splenda in my latte but that still didn't make it enjoyable. they used guatemala for their daily espresso which could be partly why i didn't enjoy it. unroasted: \u00a0okay let's try this again. \u00a0 walking in it looks and feels like your pops den. \u00a0 \u00a0the staff was friendly but counting down the minutes to get out of here. \u00a0 \u00a0love the 50s diner style coffee bar. \u00a0 \u00a0the art was decent and appreciate the effort. \u00a0 \u00a0coffee was too bitter for me had to add sugar.gaslight - the coffee shop designed for the everyday poet! i'm not kidding, this is probably the only coffee shop in chicago where you feel like you just want to write the book you always wanted to write. that's what their coffee will do to you - it'll make you creative with tons of inspiration flowing in your brain as you slowly drink their delicious coffee.the scenery is also very inviting and the staff are very kind and helpful. if you do come here, i strongly suggest you start with their latte. i've chosen to call it: the cheerful poet! because you always feel like writing something cheerful as you drink it. :)it's good coffee but it's a little bit overpriced. we're in logan square, what can i say, if ya can't beat em, join em. the coffee is just well prepared at gaslight, right down to the soda-water accompaniment.i've had many almond milk lattes and double espressos from here, and the water is the right temperature, and the milk is perfectly frothed (almond milk is notoriously difficult to froth amiright?).just check it out and if you don't like it you don't have to come back. but they care, and so so i.hands down one of my favorite coffee shops, ever. the baristas know their stuff, make a good cup of coffee, and are so nice. the decor is super cool too. it's a good place to get work done, read a book, or just people watch. they have a limited food menu, but it's all good! i recommend anything on it. if you're in the area, stop in, get an americano, and enjoy what this shop has to offer.this is the best coffee shop in logan square, hands down. great coffee, the staff is genuine and wonderful, and the kitchen is a hidden gem of delicious offerings. anyone who shits on gaslight is either pretentious or just self consciously projecting their woes into the place. it's the best.over the years they have fine tuned a lot. \u00a0at some points their food is downright gourmet. \u00a0 sadly, they got rid of their pour-over which is one of the reasons i went there. \u00a0also, i did have a rude an unfortunate situation with one of the owners. \u00a0overall the place is still good, but i can't say that the people behind it are that great.came here to get some work done after an online article recommended it. cheap coffee, definitely hipster, and good for work if you don't need wifi. wifi is horrible.what i like about it:- quiet atmosphere but not so quiet that if you are talking with a group of friends, you will be uncomfortable. just be sure you're not talking super loudly and disturbing people.- natural light (sometimes can get too bright)- ok coffee (nothing to write home about, but not bad at all)what i dislike about it:- the pastries look good, but are not actually very good. the croissant we got was not flaky but rather kind of hard and brittle. it looked like it was a little old.i tend to hold cafe's to a higher standard, i'm from brooklyn (of the new york variety) and i would be arrogant enough, yet justified in saying, we have the best coffee shops in the world. i believe the success of a cafe can be attributed to a few rudimentary but greatly overlooked qualities - it's just coffee, not magic. i meannn what is the hiring process at this coffee shop? there must be stipulations in order to be employed as a hipster barista here, you must 1. be apathetic to anything and everything, 2. be so soft spoken and quiet that people could only hear you by summoning demons from the necronomicon and ask them wtf you just said, 3. detest any and every male that walks into the caf\u00e9 who isn't, anton lavey, h.p. lovecraft, or barbra streisand, and 4. practice witchcraft daily. what is it that we all love about coffee shops? it's really simple actually, strong but delicious coffee, good music, a warm and welcoming atmosphere with interesting and/or attractive people. the \"coffee\" could vaguely be called as such because it tasted more like someone who just drank real coffee peed into a cup, which mind you was only equally as warm but not nearly as flavorful. and although the awkward mortuary like atmosphere in this shop encourages absolute funeral-like-silence and stillness, you are made to stand up, walk over to the counter (with the judgmental barista overlooking their work like rasputin above the gulag) pick up the urine-like-substance, and as if you are a monkey on a circus tightrope, carefully walk back to your micro sized table meticulously carrying an overly full cup of said pee-coffee, clanking and spilling all the way back. all this whilst, of course, everyone stares at you in disgust and disdain, a problem perhaps easily solved if the music wasn't going on and off as if the witch baristas were in a collective seance communicating with dead customers who had previously drank their pee-coffee, but instead only managed to channel terrible mgmt songs through a sound system that someone donated to goodwill in 1997. i have certainly been gaslighted, i left questioning my own sanity, like macbeth being called by the coven of witches, as well as feeling like i was severely molested (and ironically i happen to be catholic).coffee shops in logan square are a dime a dozen, much like bars around here. however, because of it's easy to find location, gaslight stands out which gave me enough of a reason to stop by and take a load off. very great tasting coffee here, at an affordable price. a lot of seating too, although it's always fairly crowded here, so good luck finding a seat! this is not the best cafe to do any work, as it can get a little loud up in here.this place has very great service!it's at a very convenient location and the tea is awesome.sophisticated, unique and expensive beans in simple prep (meaning no crazy syrups and lattes). \u00a0plenty of seating that is easily filled with few turn around. \u00a0humans warming the light grey steel seats with their laptops. (tot) some park their bikes inside. \u00a0got lock?service is quick, attentive and fool proof. \u00a0clean and organized venue.note: \u00a0rust inside washable tin water cup is a design style. \u00a0my heart skipped a beat. \u00a0it's fully glazed/sealed and you don't feel the bottom rust at all. \u00a0a life (water) and death (rust) concept in a cup?wow! what a lovey coffee joint in the middle of logan square. i saw this place from the blue line as i as riding from the airport during a delay and had to stop in for a coffee. the store is located on a great corner street with huge front windows overlooking a great street view. not only that, the interior is chic and modern with a hipster twist. their menu is professional and thorough and their baristas are skilled. i enjoyed a great pour over while i relaxed and passed some time. stop in and enjoy this place!awesome decor, awesome seating, awesome latte. i really loved hanging at this coffee shop, but i will say my overall impression was on their quality roast. i loved how smooth their coffee/latte's were! i was super impressed with the whole experience and the neighborhood. also, found free parking! score. the music was a little loud as others have stated.cool coffee shop, interesting loft design, good looking latte.friendly staff, cute pastry (though i didn't have any but they look delicious!) good ambient music. great place to escape home to read a book.thank you for supporting 2athe ambience here is very modern and pretty. it's a really nice place to sit and enjoy yourself...if you can find a seat. can be pretty hard to find a seat on the weekend. the baristas are always friendly, and the coffee is good. but i think my favorite aspect is the food menu. it's very unique, not what you normally see at coffee shops. i think the menu may change sometimes, but one time i was there we actually had a small charcuterie plate. pretty cool for a coffee shop!excellent coffee and environment, great taste and flavor. \u00a0one of our favorite stops when going back to chicago. \u00a0no wonder the chicago tribune featured them in today's newspaper. \u00a0one of chicago's finest, check it out!great beans, fast service, and a beautiful spot with lots of natural light and seating space! we picked up some beans to bring home with us - love the packaging with the wax seal!i'm a bit of a coffee shop snob after having explored so many in brooklyn while i was studying for my mcat, and since moving back to chicago, i've been searching for my favorite spots. well let me tell you, this happens to be one of them. not only does gaslight roast their own coffee in house, but their small food menu and selection of pastries is quite enticing.i've gotten lattes, drip coffee, iced coffee, and iced tea here, and i haven't been disappointed. the only disappointment is the price, but that's pretty common for a small local shop. they do have free wifi with outlets and it's a great spot to get some work done if you can snag one of the tables near the outlets ;) i also ordered a grilled cheese and tomato soup the other day, and the tomato soup has a really pleasant spice to it and the grilled cheese came on a really delicious parmesan-encrusted bread with perfectly melty cheese on the inside. it's definitely pricey at $14 for a grilled cheese and tomato soup, but the portion is large, the depth of the soup bowl makes for easy dipping, and it was more gourmet than your standard can of campbell's with white bread/american cheese grilled cheese.the service has always been good - fast and friendly. and you can tell this is definitely a neighborhood spot, with lots of regulars, and lots of employees high-fiving each other and the patrons that come in! great experience overall.you can see pictures/stories on my instagram @afoodiegoescleanishwow!!! let the discerning rejoice. this chicago highlight has all the 3rd wave coffee goodness you crave with a total neighborhood feel. this is the perfect marriage of roasters and baristas who know what they are doing. though i will say more, if you are trying to pick your one stop for coffee in chi-town look no further.let's start with the ambience. right when you walk in you feel like you are right where you want to be. cozy wood colors, lower light (but not dim), appropriate levels of music and the steady singing of steam wands and high end grinders. with about 6 or 7 individual tables, two bar areas and a shared community picnic style table, there is plenty of seating. and get this - free wifi and power outlets. all the snobby goodness of the coffee with no one glaring at you for posting up for a work day (but do the right thing and keep buying coffee the longer you sit).the baristas were kind, engaging and helpful. their recommendations were spot on (my colombian chimex was spot on!!!). the place was super clean, had two spotless bathrooms and a steady (but never overbearing) stream of customers. they offer a drip coffee, but if you have the time spring for the chimex. the espresso drinks are also killer and expertly executes. tea? hot chocolate? yes! they can accommodate you. get here.good coffee shop studying location, lots of seating areas consisting of long communal bench, numerous small tables to share w/ one other person, and counter seats. lots of outlets around the area to charge your laptop. wifi is a tad slow. the place is a bit dimly lit but it has lots of natural lighting coming in. thus, once the sun disappears, it can be a tad bit dark to study in, which may or may not work in your preference. noise level is average.coffee is good and decently priced. workers are helpful and attentive. very hipster place. love their decors. ample street parking that are metered/free.i love the outdoors, and this shop does a great job to invigorate that outdoors, cozy like them. i had their drip coffee and my girlfriend had their hot chocolate (she's not a coffee drinker lol), and atmosphere is amazing. always a pleasure being here.by far the best coffee shop i've ever been to. the baristas are not your stereotypical mean coffee hipster snobs - they are so nice. i love this place...tried this place while visiting chicago. it's a great coffee shop, as others have described, very spacious which makes it a nice coffee shop for studying. it has a variety of table arrangements which are even suitable for larger groups. my latte was perfect, didn't need any sugar or anything added to it which is always a good sign. kitchen closes ealry (at around 3pm) so if you want food, be sure to order it early!the coffee at gaslight is really good--cappuccinos are made well and the milk is high quality. they roast their own beans, too! further, i really liked the cheese scone--it was fresh and reasonably priced.the downside here is the music--while we were here, the baristas were playing some really loud, really obnoxious music (think experimental chainsaw quartet). even through my large, over-the-ear headphones it was grating. maybe they were in a weird mood? in any case, to those hoping to get some work done: beware the cafe dj.awesome space with a lot of natural light and seating. service was really friendly. i enjoyed my latte and i'll be back to try more of their options since their coffee is high-quality.my only complaint is the music. i was there for a few hours and the whole time it was some strange french/italian rock playlist? idk, but it was somewhat obnoxious to have on at a coffee shop. it was too loud for headphones to block it out.well, my latte was tasty so nothing to complain about there. the staff seemed pleasant and friendly. the place itself is very quiet so good if you're trying to study or get work done; a bit awkward if you want to talk with friends. not sure that this would be my first coffee shop option but it got the job done.my girlfriend and i were staying nearby and came in on a rainy saturday morning.it has a nice corner location with lots of natural light. the inside is pretty spacious with a few tables. it is a good local coffee shop to socialize, work, or people-watch. it's quiet but not awkwardly silent and not boring. hipster would be a very accurate way to describe the place, but not in any kind of negative context.i got a cappuccino, my girlfriend a hot chocolate, and we split a ham & cheese croissant. both of our drinks were delicious and the croissant was better than expected too. it is easy to tell that gaslight offers quality coffee products and even food. i did notice some other food items that i would certainly like to try next time i'm in.it is a little pricey for what it is, although not much out of reach compared to something like starbucks.great local spot in logan square!i think after many visits that is is my favorite in chicago. it's cozy, great espresso, great food... you really can't go wrong! the staff is always really friendly and even though it's usually busy when i go there, i can always find a spot to park while i enjoy. highly recommend.in my top three favorite coffee shops in the city! the coffee is top notch. delicious and consistent. staff is super friendly. the space is beautiful and awesome for doing work throughout the day. understandably, it gets very busy on the weekends.this place is spacious.street parking. pay to park or there's a free parking on fullerton. got the vanilla latte. delicious. not too pricey. not loud. there's a lot of outlets. a lot of tables to sit. no outlet around the high seats though. workers are nice. very welcoming with their greeting!friendly vibe. terrible coffee. i ordered a croissant and a macchiato, cost 8$ and five minutes of time. croissant was rock hard and had no taste. espresso was by far most disappointing. the barista seemed as if they knew what they were doing. my mistake was trusting their judgement. \u00a0the espresso was acidic and sour. wouldn't waste my time again.disappointed that they don't serve pour overs anymore. \u00a0the drip coffee was pretty good and i enjoyed the breakfast sandwich.my favorite neighborhood cafe - lot's of seating, great light, excellent coffee, and friendly staff. \u00a0good place to get work done if you can get a table.coffee: roasted in-house, the beans are nicely packaged in plain brown paper bags with different colored wax seals. \u00a0their cold-brew is excellent, as is their espresso and drip coffee. \u00a0their espresso actually comes with a little cup of sparkling water which is a nice, refreshing afternoon option. \u00a0watch out if you order hot coffee in a for-here cup, though, as their cups do tend to cool the coffee down pretty fast (or maybe i'm just a slow drinker). \u00a0so, if you don't wanna gulp of lukewarm coffee, drink up!ambiance: the cafe is really bright and spacious, with plenty of tables (though they fill up fast). \u00a0it has kind of a woodsy, eclectic look to it - with taxidermy and antiques and interesting wallpaper. \u00a0the music can be a little hit or miss - sometimes it's a bit loud and grating. \u00a0one thing to note, if you sit by one of the window seats in the middle of the day when the sun is shining through you might end up sweating as i think it's a single pane - this even happened to me in the winter, the sun can get really hot in there. food: i've never tried their pastries (there usually weren't a lot of options) but they have a really nice menu that they serve out of their kitchen. \u00a0it can be a little on the pricey side, but it puts other coffee shop food to shame, particularly the avocado toast and the grilled cheese. staff: super friendly - i was in here at least 3-4 times a week for over a year and never had any issues. \u00a0overall, a great spot in a really nice part of the neighborhood.coffee shops in a city as large as chicago and in a neighborhood as trendy as logan square are common. so is the coffee. this place was common and cold.i have never had a cup of coffee so fantastic it \u00a0 made me want to be a loyal patron of an establishment... and i still haven't. it is normally the ambiance and/or the customer service that brings me back and all i can say is i will not be going back to this place. the only thing i feel this place had going for it was the decor (rustic). the customer service was absent. maybe it takes sundays off.you'll get the same cup of coffee and hipster feel from another bourgeois shop in the neighborhood.lovely. bright and sunny. music was at the right volume. drinks served in glasses instead of plastic \u00a0unless you specify.great coffee shop.cool atmosphere. prompt, attentive service. high quality product.nothing too exciting going on here but it's a great coffee shop in the area. it's a great place to hide away and study. it's also low-key compared to all the coffee shops that have too many tourists inside. i'd say this is a neighborhood gem at most. go ahead and grab your coffee and bounce!talk about hipster. coming from spending a lot of time in williamsburg, brooklyn, i easily made myself at home. this place had been recommended to me by a friend who lives in the area. i could see now why. there's a ton of seating, cool rustic atmosphere, and a pretty extensive menu with drinks and food. i just got a drip coffee, but i could really taste the crisp flavor of the coffee beans.i was surprised for a saturday afternoon that there were a ton of people working and eating a late brunch. for the amount of tables there were, i was only able to find a seat at their bar off to the side of the espresso machine. their wifi is good, which is always a big plus in my book. i'm glad i was recommended this place. the next time i'm in the area in need of coffee, i know exactly where to go.i'm beyond ashamed to write a yelp review about avocado toast - but jesus titty-fucking christ you guys, it's so damn good. go there, get that.apparently i still have to write words to make this qualify as a review, so the coffee is good too. also fuck mike pence.fantastic. there's a coffee shop popping up in a new city everyday so what can one do to differentiate? be this place. from the subway seating, in the corner, to the great choice of music -- oh and the coffee is actually good! the service was quick and the clientele was dope. i always check out what the audience is for a coffee shop to see if it's a true neighborhood hang. this one fit well. plenty of people just coming in for a quick cup, stopping to study, or having a work meeting. i was coming off of a long travel day and this place was the perfect place to decompress with a hot americano. highly recommend!the quality of the coffee at gaslight is nothing to quibble about. \u00a0however when it comes down to it, even with the prime location and open windows, it wouldn't be a coffee shop i would come to and try to get some work done. \u00a0this is because the chairs, though aesthetically pleasing are generally uncomfortable and you won't want to stay there for longer than an hour. \u00a0still if this isn't something that would bother you, rest assured that between their friendly service and quality coffee, you'd definitely enjoy your brew.i've only tried their teas, and they're ok. i mostly come here to spend hours studying or getting some sort of work done. it's a quiet atmosphere, but it can get kind of packed certain times of the day.definitely one of my favorite coffee shops to grab a cup on my way to work. they're always pretty speedy.stumbled here instead of walking to intelligentsia and fell in love. calm welcome, great area to get some work done. no problem with the internet (pw: tacotuesdays) and nice hipster decorations and magazines around if you need a little break. coffee and croissants are really tasty; they can warm up the pastries if you ask. coffee grinder in the back, feels pretty old school yet modern. i love it! (i'd live here tbh)i'm torn on the rating ... the coffee and canele here is definitely a 4 star quality but the service was unfortunate. \u00a0the barista had an edge of contempt in her voice and really had no interest in serving anyone that morning.honestly ... the coffee was very good compared to bowtruss and far better than intelligentsia up the street. \u00a0it was flavorful with a natural note of cocoa and the acidity was low so you didn't that the bitter note most people complain about dark roast. \u00a0the canele had the perfect crust with a nice eggy custard middle. \u00a0i would be so happy with this choice if it wasn't for the eye rolls by the barista.if she was just neutral in her expression... easily a 4 star experience.if you know me you know that brothers k iced coffee is my nirvana. i was surprised to find another place with outstanding iced coffee...it was so good at the gaslight!excellent quality coffee beans from around the world expertly roasted to release their up most aroma and flavor. every bag of coffee purchased comes with a complementary shot of perfectly pulled espresso. a great addition to the city of chicago. the atmosphere is relaxing and friendly to those looking to open up their laptop to work while enjoying their favorite esspresso drink.pretty cool spacious place. there sign from the outside looks very similar to starbucks, weird!!!! i tried the congo pour over using chemex( suggested by the barista)and it was below average. disappointing. the cinnamon morning roll was decent. overall:atmosphere: 9service: 8coffee: 4meh! nothing special.... not worth it.this is a nice little coffee roasters and brewers in logan square. the furnishings are spare. and, the space is a little tight for the number of customers they serve. but, i can say i am a fan of their coffee. i snapped and posted a few pictures of the designs they put in the froth on their lattes and chais. they were very nicely done.i like this place, if i'm up for some noise and some young logan square vibe. \u00a0this coffee shop isn't quiet at all if you're one of the serious working bees attempting to get some study or work done. \u00a0i personally think it's cute hang-out, get-together kind of place since they have various sizes of tables for solo travelers, as well as for a group of five (5). \u00a0the coffee is good and prices are alright for the logan square standard ($7.65 after tax for a croissant and a medium cappuccino). \u00a0this place has a plenty of natural lighting and ample opportunities for chilling and people-watching. \u00a0rosa j. is a professional people-watcher. \u00a0unfortunately, she doesn't get paid for doing this. \u00a0the location is at the corner of milwaukee and fullerton. \u00a0you see the blue line trains coming through. \u00a0the cta california blue line station is on the south of gaslight, on california ave....... great place. looking for a place to study, get work done or just get away with a good book?? come here. also super cute barista making your coffee is always a positive. good vibes. good coffee. what more can we ask for?great coffee and croissant. easy parking on street. great location to pop by between appointments!...am not a coffee fan, but this coffee was very good. \u00a0more importantly, the croissant was ahhhhhmmmmmaaaaaziing and the morning roll equally so. great space to hangout. read. \u00a0get stuff done.this place is definitely a specialty shop with coffee roasting experts at the top of their trade. \u00a0 a great place to go learn about the process, \u00a0the servers are friendly and love to discuss their passion for coffee. the coffee should be tried black first and tasted as it is. \u00a0the flavor is amazing and intense. \u00a0then add milk and sugar as you find suitable. \u00a0 just try it. \u00a0you'll be surprised. \u00a0lots of space to sit and work if that is what you are into. \u00a0 the number of outlets lacks away from the tables near walls but generally if you can last long enough someone will leave and you can get a spot if there isnt already one.one of/perhaps the best espresso i've ever had. their \u00a0ethiopia coffee is some of the greatest coffee in the world. if you are serious about coffee and particularly bright flavors you will be very happy. there is no place in chicago that competes, gaslight is the real deal. go for espresso, cortado, pour over etc. the espresso is what will explode in your mouth so i would start with that. wonderful acidity you don't find in many other run of the mill independent roasters who generally fear it. you need to see what you are missing. this is a special thing for me when i'm in chicago so i'll usually start with espresso then end with a pour over or cortado or both.i often ship the coffee to my home in la. once a shipment went missing and gaslight replaced it.weak, watery chai for $4+ in the smallest size. prefer chiya chai or sbux.latte was good. food was poor. omelette was \u00a0runny and very salty. salad was three pieces of lettuce.dangerously good coffee... and my fancy friends agree! while, i'm not a coffee aficionado, i do have lots of experience drinking coffee and have plenty of bougie friends and coffee purists who would consider themselves experts. gaslight is at the top of our lists. the last pour over i had was their ethiopia and i am salivating just thinking about it. it's the perfect start to your morning, afternoon, and evening - whenever you need a warm and comforting beverage (with a kick of caffeine). gaslight's atmosphere is really nice and comfortable. don't let all the trendy people and hipster decor intimidate you. the set up is nice. you can sit at the bar, a community table, or a more private table. personally, i love watching the baristas in action. everyone is really friendly and the it's a really relaxing place to hang out, get some work done, or just chat with a friend!\"gaslight coffee\" -- sounds cool, right? with a name like that, gaslight better be cool beyond its namesake. and it is.taxidermy on the walls, a mesmerizing wall paper near the condiments, a wooden community table, bar sitting, a handful of 2-4 seaters, and the dark, solemn wooden floor that is impossible not to appreciate.then, the coffee compliments the feeling of gaslight. it's smooth and has no sharp, jarring taste. gaslight operates in harmony and is a pleasant, cabin-quaint coffee shop that distinctly stands out in chicago.where does an espresso $3 cost more than an americano $2.75? @gaslight. is it possible to order an americano and hold the water? \"i dont know ask the owner\" says the hipster barista.i settled for an iced americano that cost more than a regular americano... the price was 75c more.. how? oh because theres a double extraction of espresso = 4 shots instead of the regular 2 to avoid watery coffee, how about you guys make it optional 2 shots or 4 instead of assuming someone will want 4 and take off for the moon.. i think prices should be laid out easier instead of their 5-6 coffee menu items.amazing coffee and food, hands down. love this place, because not only is their coffee fantastically delicious, they also serve real food alongside their array of baked goods! many coffee places will carry sweets ranging from chocolate croissants to cookies, but gaslight has actual food for you to properly start your day with something nutritional. this is a complete plus for me. my boyfriend and i visited gaslight for the first time and were delighted to find seating on a busy sunday morning. we ordered the colombian coffee pour over, latte with almond milk, breakfast bowl, and the gaslight breakfast. starting with the drinks, the colombian pour over was intensely flavorful and robust. the latte with almond milk was creamy, smooth, rich, and absolutely delicious. the almond milk added a slight sweetness to the overall coffee. now onto the food! the breakfast bowl was savory and delicious! the little ham pieces of bacon bits really added a bite to the rice, the fried egg on top really pulled this dish together! the gaslight breakfast was incredibly delicious as well! the fried duck egg laid on top of a savory slice of ham, flavorful sun dried tomatoes, a smear of some nutty and green spread, and a hardy slice of toasty bread. this coffee and food combo was perfection.i cannot rave about this place enough! i will for sure be back!coffee is excellent. seating may be limited since this is popular spot so i prefer to breeze in and out and take my drink on a walk through logan square.your run-of-the-mill hipster coffee shop in logan square. \u00a0that being said, i think they've made really good use of the unique shape of the building. \u00a0a decent study spot, seating was fairly ample when we arrived. \u00a0the food and coffee was a bit on the pricey side, but i was pleased that my iced coffee was a decent size for what i payed, and the grilled cheese was undeniably delicious.i thoroughly enjoy coffee, so i was excited to try this place. first of all, the drip coffee is good and strong. there is a sharp taste when you drink it black (like i do), but i'm sure with a little cream or milk that would mellow out a bit. the ambiance is chill, and the space is wide and open. it's great for working or reading, which many people were doing.the reason why this is getting 3 stars is solely due to service. it almost seems like the people at the register and serving coffee don't want to be there, and it shows in their service.i don't even understand how you can run a coffee shop and only have one size of iced coffee!! what is this?! communist russia?? jeeblets, when i ask for a large iced coffee, i don't expect to get a 12oz coffee, i expect to get a large mother effing coffee. bow truss, i'm looking at you too. this is completely preposterous. maybe it's on me though for coming back many times hoping for a different result.additionally, i don't now if my plebeian taste buds are too unsophisticated to enjoy this bitter-af coffee, or if everyone else is just lying and pretending it's really good. every new coffee shop that pops up reminds me how freaking good cafe mustache is. even though *snooty voice* they don't roast their beans onsite.the three stars mainly go for the interior design and the super friendly staff. and because i feel like a d-bag giving a local place that has really done nothing to me less than 3 stars. ya know what though? they have done something to me. they gave me a 12oz cup when i asked for a large mother effing coffee.this place is alright. won't ever become a fave coffee shop of mine because it just doesn't have the totally \"homey, kick back and enjoy a cup of caffeine as you catch up with a friend\" feel. i'd say it has more of a productive vibe to it. like if you're looking to catch up on some work or have a meeting on an upcoming project, then this is the place for you. but if you want to enjoy another's company, this wouldn't be my first or even third pick. i would say 5 stars for drinks though, and that's really all that matters, right? lost a star for the lack of a double door. the windy city wind made the gaslight pretty cold for the consistent traffic coming in and out with no double door entrance to help yield the chill. otherwise, pretty decent coffee shop!gaslight coffee roasters definitely didn't light a fire under my desire, and in fact it dissuaded me from all the hope i had for this place. \u00a0i walked into gaslight coffee roasters thinking that maybe i'd hit the jackpot for coffee and atmosphere, but i was wrong. \u00a0this caf\u00e9 is clearly a beloved caf\u00e9 for many, but it definitely didn't suit me and my needs. \u00a0i came here for a business meeting and although there appeared to be several people busily doing their work, i couldn't concentrate, or even hear my thoughts, because the music was so incredibly loud. \u00a0it seemed to me that the music got louder while i was there; i know coffee shops can't cater to everybody, but knowing that coffee shops do attract business people during the day it would be better if the music \"fit the bill\", so to speak.besides the music, which was painfully dreadful in addition to being loud, the atmosphere felt very strange to me. \u00a0there were bags of coffee grounds just laid on the ground, and although this was assumedly for some artistic appeal it really just got in my way and looked out of place. \u00a0a lot of the decorations in this caf\u00e9 looked odd and out of place which is probably why it felt a tad bit uncomfortable being in here. \u00a0clearly, i was not a happy camper with the atmosphere and that's also in part to the lack of table space in here. \u00a0there's plenty of small tables, but they were all taken up - and this was in the middle of the day on a weekday. \u00a0i had nowhere to sit except for at the bar where the baristas were exchanging inappropriate jokes in front of patrons, like myself. \u00a0onto the coffee - well, it was okay. \u00a0i got the drip coffee which had a hint of back cherry and vanilla in it; \u00a0the coffee was a little bit bitter, but a lot of cream and sugar helped that. \u00a0the coffee definitely was not terrible, but i can say that i would not get it again...even if i could add all the cream and sugar in the world. \u00a0i'd probably have gotten something else to drink, but there was barely anything to choose from. \u00a0they offered the essential drinks, but nothing that really tickled my fancy - i want my fancy drinks and i want them now. \u00a0no, i can go for good solid coffee, but i was underwhelmed by this coffee. \u00a0i was underwhelmed by their snack selection too...i bet that some of the \"legitimate\" food is quite good, but i wasn't able to indulge in it. \u00a0for the price this was also disappointing...i don't mind paying for good, jolting coffee, but if i'm going to pay a pretty penny for a mediocre drink i'll just go to starbucks.great coffee shop. as a regular at a few intelligentsia's in the city i enjoyed this place a lot. i stopped in gaslight one morning when i was in the neighborhood running some errands. i stopped in and got a latte and stayed while to read my book. i went on a saturday around 11am and the store was a bit crowded but i was able to find a place without a problem.the baristas were friendly and my latte tasted fine. the decor and ambiance was pretty cool. it was kind of a rustic, woody feel to the place. while i was there reading my book for about an hour the other patrons were either chatting with friends, working on laptops alone, or reading like me. definitely a chill place to get some good coffee/espresso and relax.would definitely recommend, i did not give gaslight 5 stars simply because it was not the best espresso i ever had and when reviewing a coffee shop if it's not the best i don't think it warrants a 5. great place though!great place in logan square. was slightly confused when they didn't have a sign on their door (and instead graffiti) but it's totally welcoming and bright once you walk in.the interior was one of the best things about this place. it's huge and open with plenty of seating to enjoy your drink. there is a big bright window overlooking milwaukee avenue. the interior has a rustic feel but is still very put together and doesn't seem to be trying too hard. very comfortable to sit and talk for awhile.i got a skim chai latte (amazing) and my husband got their basic drip coffee. he's a huge coffee snob and he said it was great. will definitely be back here...great place to study, relax, talk, or just get caffeinated!came here around 11:30am on a weekday - it was crowded but tables opened up within a few minutes. wifi is strong and outlets are abundant.i bought a cappuccino and some food. the coffee was excellent. the food was called \"not bagel and lox\" - it was smoked salmon and dill cream cheese on a hearty piece of toast. a little expensive ($10.50) for what it was. it also took 25 minutes which seemed a bit excessive. other than that though, food and coffee were great. one star taken off for price and time taken, but i definitely recommend this place.cool \"little\" corner coffee shop in the bucktown area.everything inside is wooden, and you definitely get that hipster-y vibe. the coffee is good, the staff is nice, the ambiance is great for hanging out to take a break. lots of seating around the perimeter, but they could probably use a bit more along the left side ... anyway, a solid coffee shop.coffee was spot on, smooth and not rough or acidic. great place for one on one meetings.one of the best coffee shops i've been to in chicago! coffee was unreal and the avocado toast i ordered off today's daily menu was unbelievable. \u00a0i was pleasantly surprised to find that caliber of quality and creative food served at a coffee shop. overall, great space to meet friends, get work done at, or simply indulge in items on their menu!great coffee & fresh breakfast ingredients. it's a little hipsterish, but nice if you like a read or tapping on the keyboard with your coffee.i've been to my fair share of coffee shops, and gaslight coffee is high on the list for quality espresso bars that just make you feel 'that' way.the coffee is good, real good. also, they offer a handful of breakfast/brunch options to pair with your coffee. it's nice to have a coffee bar that offers qualitative coffee and food options that can be adjusted for people of multiple different dietary needs.all-in-all, gaslight coffee is worth your patronage!overview: typically in my reviews, i give a star for each of these categories (service, food, drink, ambiance, parking) and then add up to rate my experience at a particular business. service - excellent! food - decent options. didn't try any so couldn't comment on the taste. a lot of people were ordering the scones and croissant so must be good. drink selection - excellent! cortado was nice and smooth. ambiance/cleanliness - hipster for sure! it's logan square, what else would you expect? but this place is not snobby. very chill and hip at the same time. parking - street parking! not a fan! had to circle around the block twice to find a spotfew cafes distinguish themselves by how they gather the afternoon light, but beautiful gaslight does. \u00a0long, large windows lap in the late afternoon light like nowhere else in the city. \u00a0sit here in the golden hour, as the sun's rays cut through the evaporation vapor above a drink. \u00a0the decor is part surrealistic british drawing room, part coffee warehouse, part design den, part theater, and a dash of cabin. \u00a0here's what i mean: densely filigreed wallpaper on the back wall is adorned with a faux gold-leafed taxidermied stag, a goose hangs above the coffee bar - two cargo pallets in the back corner are piled upon with large sacks of coffee beans - a brick side-wall carries blueprints for the sewage system of a local high school - a bank of theater seats sit backed up against a line of windows as you enter - sprinkled about are a coleman cooler, gas lamps, vintage thermoses \u00a0and pine cones. \u00a0it's a fantastic place. \u00a0there is a lot of hipster hate out there and if that's a problem for you, you've been trigger warned. \u00a0to me this is bohemian beauty at its best - i do not know how to feel bad here, and always love when i can drop in.great! espresso porta filters need some cleaning- espresso tasted a bit bitter/burnt, but great vibe, service, & food.gaslight sits in the middle of logan square among a slew of other nearby coffee places. you have all your typical coffee shop characteristics here: hipster individuals, good coffee, and free wifi. what makes this place stand out is that they offer food that you can order and they'll bring it to your seat. while i didn't get to make use of such a service, i saw others doing so and it seems like a genius idea for anyone hoping to stay there for extended periods of time so that you don't have to leave to grab a bite. the interior provides wonderful large windows that bring in beautiful light. however this makes it pretty hot if you're sitting anywhere near the windows. either they need to install some blinds or crank up the ac because when the place is crowded and the only place to sit is near the windows, and people literally sweat in those spots. staff here is friendly but they lacked a sense of professionalism. there was a lot of hanging out in the back. also during my stay here, they consistently fiddled with the volume of the music playing. i don't mind music playing at coffee shops, it's the norm, yet at this place they really turned up the volume to the point that i could hear it through my over-ear headphones. people like music, i understand that, but one's own personal taste of music shouldn't be so loud that others are forced to hear it even with attempts to drown it out haha.that's right! two amazing coffee shops in the same damn day!joe has done it again, this time, completely by accident. we were headed to wormhole, but got sidetracked by simply seeing this place and all it's hipster magnificence.i had my first pourover and it was splendid. the interior design is outstanding, and was apparently executed by the owners. it seems professionally designed and decorated, so i may have to speak to the owners personally about it and grill them.my coffee was great. did i mention that already?joe got the mocha--described as \"possessing good chocolate that wasn't too bitter.\"aj got the chai--\"it was good.\"please check this place out in my photos and note that it (apparently) gets crazy-busy on the weekend. like a bar or club, but with caffeinated hipsters.the atmosphere and mood were delightful during this thursday afternoon, however.this place gets five stars, as it provides the exact thing you'd think it would--wax-sealed coffee bags and all ;)great ambiance for a coffee house. decent coffee. they are trying to get that artisanal taste, but they fall a little short. very crowded place. \u00a0most of the seats were occupied by what appeared to be students doing homeworki came in this past sunday and sadly my opinion of gaslight hasn't changed. for someone who can live in a coffee shop for an entire day, i think the environment is just alright - it's a little bit more \"sterile\" than wormhole or ipsento, but has plenty of seating, great lighting, and is a good place to hang out. you can choose from a table or grab a seat at the bar and watch the baristas do their magic.the coffee/espresso is a bit lacking. i ordered a latte, and the espresso tasted extremely bitter; i barely enjoyed the latte even after i added a shit ton of sugar to it (cause we all know sugar makes everything taste better). my friend felt the same way about her coffee. there just really isn't much to say about this place - average atmosphere, average drinks, no specialty drinks, and sadly, my latte art wasn't even that good as those that are shown on yelp. i guess the bathrooms were clean?i enjoy this coffee shop. if it were in my neighborhood it would most likely be a part of my morning routine. i usually just get a drip, but if i'm feeling frisky i'll get a pour over. the staff is always friendly and it's a nice place to sit down for a few.ninth stop on chicago caffeine crawl.gaslight, oh gaslight. you are perfect. you have so many dead animals lying around that even a hunk of roadkill would feel at home here. so many hipsters flock to your premises that you could put a hipster factory out of business. and there are more human hands in jars here than i have ever seen anywhere else. thank you for being who you are.doesn't it sound wonderful? for real, it is. so wonderful in fact that i had to stop here again on the way back through chicago. of the eleven coffee shops i went to in chicago, this was my favorite. favorite by a slight margin over other places but favorite nonetheless. the first time was early in the morning, right after it opened. it was very calm and peaceful at that hour, with all the soft colors and natural materials. my pour-over was a winner in my book. in fact it won a prize for being slightly better than any other coffee i had in chicago. maybe it was because it was the next morning and i was more ready for coffee again. and i'm not sure where they get their pastries from but that place should get some kind of award, or at least a five star review. canel\u00e9 and almond croissant. the next time was around noon and man it was hopping, with an incredibly high hipster to other people ratio. i got a fairly great espresso pulled on the la marzocco strada. i also picked up a bag of in house roasted ethiopian beans for home use. **warning- blunt ending approaching** it turned out decently in aeropress and siphon, even though it seemed like i had a hard time getting proper body out of it or something. the baristas were cool.i came just to get coffee and ended up with more! love this place! the staff are friendly. keep up the good work ladies!i could stash my bike inside here, something i appreciated. enamelware water cups. skeleton hand in a jar. gaslight has its own distinctive face.this was my first ever coffee in chicago. guatemala macchiato.when i came back a few days later for an ethiopian macchiato, it really was as good as i remembered! gaslight is an extra special coffee memory.staff threw my drink away. then had to wait over 20 minutes for them to remake it. too loud. fail.time number 2 was even better than the first. i did a couple things different this time. i dressed down, and i paid with exact change. i stopped off i at kmart on my way in from ohare and spent $16 on a black hoodie and paired it with a pair of dark blue ag jeans. this time not only did the skinny guy behind the counter laugh at my joke, 2 patrons smiled at me. wearing a suit the first time was a mistake. i noticed this time that not only do they have bike parking on the sidewalk ( which is probably due to the city, not the store) \u00a0they allow you to pile your bike up just inside the door as well. this is handy if you don't want your to get cold or wet. i'd like to see them institute valet parking for bicycles. \u00a0if i go through the effort of riding my bike down there, i'd like to have some greet me, take my bike and then bring up to the door when i'm done. i did venture into the restroom on this visit. when i opened the door i was not surprised by the vintage black and white tile on the floor, but the low wattage lighting threw me a bit. the toilet seat was down and it had not been fished by the pervious guest. i was confused at first and worried that i was in the wrong room. because there's was a single swath of tp floating in the dark yellow aftermath. clearly the patrons need to stay more hydrated. the urine was level 4 on my unhealthily scale. ( 4= dehydration / poor diet) 5= possible kidney failure (6= sepsis) if you used the men's room there today, please go see your doctor. the coffee was great, the barista was skinny on top and pleasant, the crowd was warm and approachable. i highly recommend it. again.great coffee shop! i came here for the first time with my sister-in-law. the service was friendly and efficient. we split one of the savory scones- delicious. i also had the colombian coffee pour over which i would highly recommend. it was really smooth and flavorful. the croissants and other pastries looked delicious as well. i'll definitely return to this coffee shop next time i'm in the area!hipster coffee shop. enough said.came here on a sunday afternoon - packed! took 10min to wait for a seat. parking took awhile as well. pretty small place with lots of windows. great staff. pretty good tea! reminds me a little of worm hole in wicker park.i ordered 2 lattes and a cheese and herb scone. the lattes were good but that scone was such a rip off!! it was so nasty and dry and tasted awful. took a bite and that was all i could beari love this place! the people here are friendly, and the coffee is great.we stopped by this place to grab some coffee, mostly because it looked really cute from the outside (helpful, right?). it was a pretty cozy setting on the inside, so if you're looking for some place quiet, its good to get some work done. however, they don't have very much seating. i got a small chai to go, and i was kind of disappointed. mostly because it was more expensive than starbucks and the small was tiny! i would understand if the quality was much better, but i didn't really think so. they were also very very slow.. my drink took about 5 minutes, and there was no one ahead of me. my friend also ordered when i did, and after about 10 minutes we decided to ask what was taking so long for his drink. i guess they forgot to make it.. so we waited about another 5 minutes for his drink. if you're in a rush, this probably isn't the best place to stop for a quick bit of caffeine..i've been coming to gas light for as long as they can remember. the product is honestly the tastiest i can get my nose and tongue involved with, throughout this entire city. recommend: cold brew or their matcha green tea (iced for a pretty and refreshing drank) the cool-kids that have worked there in the past, and who work there presently, care about what they do; not only roasting and creating the best coffee they can, but also their daily interactions with every-single-customer. also, the owners are quite special and are by far the hippest cats 'round.such an awesome space, the interior is beautiful. i just got a drip coffee, i was hoping to get a pastry but i was greeted by only two sad looking croissants during my 6pm visit. note to self and others: come early for pastries. mediocre service, fast wifi, i'll be returning!this cafe is a hip gem in the trendy logan square district. everything here is done just right for their feel and demographic. the pour-overs are slowly crafted to perfection, and served by friendly baristas. their food is brought to you in vintage enamelware with cloth towel napkins that are freshly laundered. the ingredients are artisanal, and prepared to hearty, wholesome perfection. the decor is industrial, casual, and a hint grungy. the music selection is also spot-on!the ambiencevery funky looking place. really random stuffed animals around from a duck to a rabbit decorate the place. the place is not crazy packed and ample street parking around. it seems somewhat hip but i really think the high school chairs should be changed out into something a little nicer. was kind of strange that they write orders with a sharpie on the counter.the food.drinki had a decent tree called the really green tea which i thought was green tea but looked super green. did not taste like green tea and it was ok.eati had their house special for breakfast. i was bummed they didn't serve the lunch before 11 but it was still pretty good. it was a piece of bread with goat cheese i think topped with bacon and an egg. i had no idea how to eat it without it turning into a crazy mess. it also came with a salad with some sliced cumquats. overall it seemed ok - i don't think the bread part is really needed - it kind of made it hard to eat.the servicethe line was fairly short on a sunday morning and the tea made it out in seconds but the sandwich was more like 15+ min. everyone was really nice and friendly. overall pretty chill place and would love to try it for lunch.very good espresso today. this is on a corner and if you're into wood floors & brick walls....this is the place. the coffee \u00a0(chemex) was as good as inteligencia, but cheaper.really, really fantastic coffee that is roasted fresh in house. \u00a0however, every time i come in here i feel like i'm not cool enough to stay long. i guess that's alright, i don't own a macbook anyway. \u00a0it's like they know i'm a dork from the suburbs who drives an hour into logan square for a drink and $15 of coffee to take home. but it is my favorite coffee and well worth an hour drive into the city.sf has lots of coffee. \u00a0i'm a bit sick of coffee snobs. \u00a0and coffee joints with their \"special\" ways of making coffee.came here and was wowed by the huge ceilings, the roomy workspaces, and the weird game on the walls. \u00a0(they had a spray-painted gold goose that was real, stuffed rabbit, pheasant (?), and a deer (?) head, and a jarred human hand skeleton).it felt like any snobbish coffee joint. but. the coffee was fresh. had all the flavor notes they advertised (took a sip of c's). \u00a0my tea was perfect (rooibos). \u00a0and j claims that espresso was crazy. \u00a0they gave water to cleanse the palate \u00a0before he had his espresso... but he said he needed that water as a chaser. haha.anyway, really great coffee. \u00a0regret not buying the beans.they forgot to make my hot cocoa once and one of the girls gave me a free pastry for the inconvenience #goodservicethe music is a little too much and loud, i usually go there to study so that's a bit of a disturbance.. overall though, love everything... everything is clean and nice looking, and great coffee :) i wish they opened earlier and maybe remained open until midnight like the wormholewhat a gem. easily one of the best spaces in the city and a terrific roaster to boot. the coffee shop is right in the heart of the gentrification surrounding logan square but i definitely don't feel put off by the people who come here or work here - they are great.people love gathering here and working here. the windows really make this place feel much more pleasant than some of the other spaces on the milwaukee corridor. there's usually a place to get some work done if you go on a non-weekend day and even on saturdays and sundays, it is still a 80% chance of locking down a place to do work. i'll be coming back again and again, no doubt. floriole bakery pastries and a good cup of coffee are instant tickets for repeat customers.a deer head hanging on the wall. \u00a0tables that look like 2x4 beams nailed together without a finishing lacquer.chairs that look like they were stolen from your middle school from back in the 1990's.yep, this is your neighborhood hipster coffee shop.i had a cookie with a pretzel placed in the middle, and it was quite good. \u00a0my friend had a chai tea latte, and he drank all of his, so i assumed that he must have liked it.there are a fair amount of people reading actual books here, so 5 stars for the literacy rate of the community here! \u00a0(i don't mean to sound elitist, but i'm a fan of reading!)summary - gaslight is the best spot in logan square for anything from a quick pick-me-up, great bite to eat, to a full day working session. gaslight absolutely nails the coffee shop trifecta:1. ambiance = chill, hipster, productive2. food = several options, all fantastic3. coffee = delicious, unique, and always freshly made right in front of yougaslight is my \"home office\" away from home. i work from here every friday when i am in the area (typically ~4 hours). i start off with a drip coffee or a latte and work for a couple hours at a table next to large windows letting in lots of natural light (always helpful when working). i order something off the breakfast menu - typically the meat and potato bowl that's tasty and filling - and work for a few more hours.gaslight is my ideal friday workstation - great coffee, food, and ambiance. hope the word does not spread too quickly and all the tables fill up :)cool, hipster coffee shop. came here with my friend to study. seating was a little difficult to find; luckily we didn't have to wait extremely long for one. my friend and i both ordered the latte. the art was on point . taste was ok. overall, atmosphere was nice for chatting or studying. free wifi was available!i was in chicago for a week and worked remotely from a bunch of local coffeeshops. this was easily my favorite. i went to wormhole (wh), caffe streets (cs), and a few others. those other two were still very good coffeeshops, and i would definitely return, but i'll try to enumerate here why gaslight was my favorite.- the coffee was the best. had pourover and a cortado here. it wasn't miles ahead of the other places, but it was better.- the server dudes were super nice. it looked like a place i'd love to work. (wh staff was also really awesome too, though).- music was the best - started with nice, unobtrusive, but interesting ambient and moved on to elliott smith. wh was a bit more in-your-face with lo-fi 90s punk.- the food was delicious. i had a turkey/bacon thingy on foccacia. great and only $7.- lots of seating with bountiful plugs. definitely more than either wh or cs.finally, i'll say that each of these places had its own distinct vibe. if i had to sum them each up for the purposes of comparison, i'd say wh is punky/trashy (in a good way), cs is upscale modern (also in a good way), and gaslight is upscale vintage (in the best way possible). it's like a very very well done etsy store or a hipster shop in sf's mission district that sells nothing in particular. (again, in the best way possible).walking distance from my house, you can catch me here sipping a glass of their cold brew on a hot and humid day. the crowd here is very \"hipster\". the baristas are extremely helpful and make very good suggestions. great quality coffee at a decent and reasonable price. i almost always order the cold brew, bring my laptop and a book and spend the afternoon, happy. i also frequently buy beans to bring home so i can make a mean cup of coffee in the morning. overall awesome ambiance, location, and most importantly, coffee.i'm not sure why i waited so long to review this place, but hey, better late than never. \u00a0gaslight coffee roasters is one of my favorite places in logan square, and easily one of the best coffee spots in the city. \u00a0perfect espresso shot every time. \u00a0i know this may sound like a simple task, but for me, a perfectly pulled shot of espresso is one of the most simple yet delicious things in the world. \u00a0unfortunately, in this starbuckdonalds culture it's not often appreciated or done correctly. \u00a0but let it be known, baristas and coffee roasters at gaslight coffee roasters, i appreciate you!gaslight,you make me feel like i'm living a hipster's dream. i like this place. it's clean, it's sleek, it's very appealing to my senses. i instantly regretted not bringing my laptop and stuff with me so i could work. it has a very \"hipster\" ambiance with the birds everywhere and the taxidermy this and taxidermy that-- but i liked the feel of it. wooden tables, silver interior. whoever designed this place did a great job. apparently they roast the coffee in house (or share a roaster with wormhole, i think?) i don't really coffee unless i really feel the urge-- but i liked their tea. and their pastries. and their sandwiches, though i feel like it could have more flavor. but that could just be because i picked the wrong one. their sandwich was an amazing deal at $6, because it was big and i was stuffed! they also have great pastries. i ate a flaky strawberry \"pop tart\" that tasted delicious. there are some reviews that the staff is rude, etc. but you have to be aware that you're dealing with hipsters, and honestly? the staff that was on duty the day i went was fine. the guy at the counter seemed to be friendly, made some suggestions when i asked about food, and didn't give me attitude...i like this place, but not enough to give it 5 stars, i'm afraid.when i was around 13 years old we went on a family vacation to boston. \u00a0while visiting the boston common my father excitedly glimpsed a group of hippies, something he had not yet seen in the midwest. \u00a0\"quick\" he commanded, \"go stand in front of the hippies so i can get their picture.\" \u00a0i tried to distance myself from him and my younger sister who was obediently posing and the young people approached them. \u00a0 i remember that event as the single most embarrassing moment of my childhood. \u00a0 \u00a0i flashed back to that moment when we were in gaslight coffee roasters. \u00a0we had come for the coffee and encountered \u00a0a hipster clubhouse. \u00a0my dad and my sister were actually more welcomed by the young hippies than we were here. \u00a0take it from me, trio of mom, grandma and 1 month old are not wanted here by the regulars. \u00a0we sat by ourselves and the baby was absolutely fine but it wasn't comfortable. \u00a0on the bright side, the vanilla latte was very smooth and delicious. \u00a0we split a terrific sandwich, meats and cheeses on a crunchy, yummy baguette. \u00a0as we were finishing up, i said to my daughter, \"here, hold the baby so i can get a picture of you.\" \u00a0she only laughed because she had heard the boston story and knew what i was trying to do. \u00a0 ha, busted and i had become my father.if i happened to be in the area, i would probably get a coffee to go. \u00a0or maybe not. \u00a0it was really mellow coffee but the unwelcoming vibe was bitter indeed.i love this place's coffee and grilled cheese sandwich! excellent quality and amazing flavor. \u00a0the only thing i dislike from this cafe is the poor customer service. the cashiers are not really friendly. the food takes forever to be delivered and they only serve them after 10:00 am.w\u00fcnderbar!!! such a nice atmosphere. beleza. gostei muito. perfect place to read, chat with a friend, or drink some good tea or coffee. music is always on point. maningue nice, gaslight! valeugreat place to study! \u00a0i loved the open space and background music. \u00a0fantastic chai also. \u00a0i do wish they had a wider selection for their coffees though. \u00a0they have only had a colombian roast available when i have come in. \u00a0otherwise, the staff is great to give you a smile and put the time into making a great cup!i love the coffee. \u00a0i hate how they have re-appropriated parts of black and southern culture as their design kitsch.every time i walk in here i have the sudden and overwhelming urge to pull a taxidermy duck off the wall and hurl it at a hipster. \u00a0then rip the board listing weaves and relaxers with their prices off the wall and go wwe style on someone....then i get a coffee... a delicious coffee... and just like that i mellow out and consider that the jail time probably isn't worth it.just what is it that you want to do? \u00a0do you want to kick start your morning with some high quality caffeine? \u00a0or do you want an overall breakfast experience? \u00a0if it is the former, gaslight works just fine, for the coffee is superb. \u00a0well balanced and earthy, it isn't as rich as french roast or sumatra, but it will start your engine without making you feel wired, like that chemically infused nonsense from starbucks. \u00a0the drip coffee is pricy but worth it. \u00a0i did not try the pour over style, which threatens to be even pricier.however, i must warn you away from the breakfasts in the strongest terms. \u00a0the \"to go\" breakfast is advertised as a hard boiled duck egg, baguette, soft cheese, and seasonal fruit. \u00a0i assumed this would be a breakfast sandwich, with the egg sliced on a substantial baguette, slathered in cheese and garnished with fruit. you may, at this time, wish to insert the usual snark about what happens when you assume, and i will have to concede your point. \u00a0the reality is that you get a small slice of less than fresh baguette, a whole boiled duck egg, a dollop of cheese, and some sorry sliced fruit. \u00a0i love derrida but he has no business deconstructing my breakfast. \u00a0to add insult to injury, the duck egg was bland and the cheese a bit too, shall we say, aromatic? for a morning sandwich.so, learn from my mistakes and stick with the coffee. \u00a0aesthetically, the store has a northwoods thing going on, but the furniture and chairs are straight out of middle school shop class. \u00a0not a very comfortable place to linger, which is unfortunate. \u00a0but i did learn one valuable lesson, which is never boil a duck egg. \u00a0it sucks all the flavor out of it. \u00a0frying is definitely the way to go with that fowl, my friends.four stars for coffee, one for food and decor.popped in for a drip coffee and beans on sunday morning. was expecting to be blown away from all of the positive reviews, but was just underwhelmed. gaslight decor is hip, but austere and somewhat cold feeling. a horned animal hangs on a wallpapered wall, with long tables and benches- more gastropub than cozy coffee hangout.looking for their whole bean coffee, which i assumed to be their specialty, i had to be directed to the small display against the wall of a few picked-over \u00a0bags of only three varieties. no descriptions of the coffees whatsoever on the display or bags. i know enough about coffees to avoid the crisp latin americans and headed for the ethiopian. $17 for less than 16 oz. seems steep. (no pun intended).i'm a small batch coffee drinker. i love my alterra, intelligentsia, dark matter, i know what good coffee tastes like. the coffee at gaslight is good, but not $17 good...ordered the one drip coffee they had available that i did not see advertised anywhere, and also told they could do any of their coffees via cone drip process. i'd love to watch coffee drip, if perhaps the place wasn't so sterille, not exactly comfy. i guess for this coffee roasting business model i prefer caffe streets, star lounge, to the sterile, hip, expensive gaslight coffee roasters. i'm sure i'll get lots of hate mail from newbie logan squarians now.love the wooden tables, the grade school seats and the folky music playing. plenty of outlets and great vibes, nice place to come and study, quality coffee.i went to gaslight recently for my second time. and i can't remember the coffee tasting so bad. i've had bad coffee in my life but this was seriously one of my worst experiences. i took a sip and had to pour it out. hopefully it will taste better next timethere's a reason why intelligentsia is at the top of the coffee \u00a0rankings in the us, and dare i say the world. the hype is real and everyone should know it. coffee offerings rotate depending on the season but the staples are like all the other intelligentsia locations. everything is freshly made, including the basic coffee. so be patient while they do a pour over. they also offer alternatives like soy and oat milk. yes i said oat milk. the baristas are excellent now and quite friendly if you're into communicating before your caffeine. good and quick service any time of the day. as you enter in the merch and bagged coffee is on the right before you hit the counter. the coffee offering list is posted on the wall to the right of where you place your order. still not sure what to order? just ask. the biggest problem about this location is seating. while there is plenty of it at the communal table and smaller tables, this location is just busy. am i complaining? not at all! there are outlets around the perimeter inside but sometimes snagging a seat on the wall can be difficult, especially in the mornings when everyone is going to work. hey, we all need our fix.always a pleasure coming to this intelli location, it's perhaps my favorite one in the city cause it's quite spacious and love the interior.had coffee with my friend juan 6:30 this morning, and being here early in the morning is super chill.we both had a pour-over and i think it's worth the extra couple of bucks compared to other coffee shops. if you are a coffee connoisseour, worth every penny. very rich and refreshing to have in the morning. baristas were friendly, nothing to complain. overall a great experience at one of the best coffee spots in the city!while this is a short walk from me and a cute interior, the coffee is pretty pricey and the staff is not very friendly. gets pretty crowded during the day and minimal outlets are available. \u00a0with lots of coffee shops in the area, not my go-to spot.good coffee, but slightly steep prices. this is definitely a coffee shop where you pay a bit more for quality and nicer ambiance. they're doing something right here because this place is continually busy and has a steady influx of customers coming in. despite the busy atmosphere, this coffee shop is a well run ship and drinks are served quickly and tables are kept clean. you'll see a combo of studiers/people who linger here as well as people who just stop by for a quick drink. this cafe has nice big windows that lets in lot of natural light and the minimalistic table and chairs are just comfortable enough to get some work done without wanting to be here all day. there are also ample plugs all around the shop for those who need to recharge their laptops or cell phones. again, this is set up in a great area and caters to multitude of people looking for a quick stop for coffee or looking for a busy coffee shop atmosphere to do some work. they also have a small outdoor seating area for those with pets or wanting to enjoy some fresh air with their coffee.ah, 7 months after my chicago trip and i'm finally doing a review on intelligentsia.. whoops. my boyfriend and i arrived in chicago around noon time from what i remember, but we weren't able to check into the airbnb till 3pm so he looked up this coffee place in order to kill time. and my boyfriend is a coffee nut so intelligentsia interested him with the good reviews. our lyft driver dropped us off here and luckily the place wasn't packed with people so we were able to chill off to the side of the store with all our luggage. i ended up getting their matcha latte while my boyfriend opted for their coffee and we were able to use the free wifi offered here in order to look up more places to visit in chicago. the people working here were friendly and didn't seem annoyed that we were dragging in hella baggage which i'm grateful for because it was a cold day and if they had kicked us out... well, damn. but they didn't so yay. my latte was a bit more bitter than what i was used to so i was a bit meh on it, but my boyfriend seemed to really enjoy their coffee. he even bought a few bags of their coffee bean when we went home to california, lol.my old review needs an update. \u00a0service speed has improved dramatically over time, which was a major gripe. \u00a0service is usually pretty friendly, and i do like the layout of the store. \u00a0but seats aren't very kind to your tush, so don't plan to camp out too long. the outdoor space that the city plopped on milwaukee is pretty cool and is a nice place to camp out when the weather is nice.coffee and pastries are good. \u00a0for sure a step up from starbucks, but coffee is definitely not in the top 3 in the city. if you are feeling decadent, have the milkshake. \u00a0its out of this world.so apparently intelligentsia is all the rage and i had no idea there was one 2 blocks from my apartment (i think paying for coffee is stupid). we were walking to the starbucks on division and my boyfriend stopped dead in his tracks when he saw there was an intelligentsia. his drink: mocha latte with a cute heart shaped pattern thing (whatever that is called)my drink: chi lattevote: his was better right off the bat. i didn't care much for mine so i stuck it in the fridge and it was great as a cold latte (i tend to like my caffeine cold anyway)consensus: maybe i'll be back but again, i have a hard time justifying paying $5 for a coffee when i have my k cups at home. this is no dig on the establishment just not really my thing. but this place is always busy which means they are doing something right.i'm not a coffee drinker so my review might be a bit skewed since it's a coffeeshop. instead of coffee i got a match latte which was gorgeous but the flavor was a lacking. it wasn't that sweet and an almost overpowering matcha taste which gave it a bitter aftertaste. i did end up drinking it all because it cost $6. \u00a0the place itself is very cute however. great for getting some work done with big windows that let in a lot of natural light. it's smaller and quieter like most coffee shops and despite the latte i would definitely come again!bad customer services good coffee. really like the decor. bread is pretty good. cold brew coffee is my go tothere is no better coffee in the world than intelligentsia. i'm sure that kopi luwak is great, but i don't wanna pay $100 to eat monkey poop. the absolute best is flecha roja, which is normally in season around may thru december. this coffe is so delicious, it has a sweet finish that requires no sugar or cream to bastardize perfection.the barisatas are all helpful when you want to try new bean selections, and they make the perfect espresso.the location is steps from the division st blue line, and they also have parking. the inside is a beautiful combination of glass, cement, and wood interiors. more importantly, they have free wifi, and plenty of seating to lounge around.$9 for a 12 oz drip and a pastry. \u00a0i could get a full diner breakfast, omelet, \u00a0hash browns, toast and a bottomless coffee for $10. and don't cast me off as someone who just doesn't get coffee culture. i get it.i love their space. but i am just not into the fact that i have to pay above $5 for coffee. once i got a cold matcha and i nearly paid $8 with tips. in term of the drinks, i had better ones elsewhere.loved the interior design, friendly and quick service. some coffee beverages can be improved over others though.ordered a 12oz soy latte and loved it! the foam on top was light and fluffy. the soy milk shined through the espresso flavors wonderfully. the latte was smooth and just warmed me up perfectly! i enjoyed my soy latte until the very last drop! the cold brew we also ordered was just alright. it wasn't as strong as the others we have had at all. even before the ice melted, the cold brew was already very diluted and just didn't pack the punch like other cold brews. the flavors weren't very robust, but it was refreshing! this cold brew was more easy to drink in comparison to others, so if that's what you're looking for, an iced coffee, then this is for you.i can't believe i just paid $4.50 for a middle-of-the road ice coffee . this place would do well to charge more reasonable prices.you really can't call intelligentsia pretentious just because the baristas have dark rimmed glasses and beards. \u00a0or because the coffee is $4.00+ per cup. \u00a0or because the seating area has a minimalist, void feeling. \u00a0you just can't.the baristas are nice and properly described the seasonal mocha to us, which was made with a little bit of malt powder. \u00a0they also answered my friend's 1,000 questions about where they buy their white coffee cups, and what could she order to get her drink in one?the seasonal mocha was outstanding. \u00a0coffee here is made with tlc. \u00a0the chairs in the seating area are deceptively comfortable. \u00a0the pistachio croissant was okay, a few dollars too expensive, but damn i was hungry.i felt a proper caffeine buzz several hours later.i had a mixed experience here today. i got a latte, which was very good. zero complaints on that (except that the latte art wasn't as impressive as other intelligentsia locations, but that's total nitpicking and has nothing to do with the great taste). we also were able to find seating right away in the middle of the day on a saturday, which is something that's usually pretty difficult to do in wicker park. additionally, we were in close enough distance to an outlet to plug in. score! however, there were a few issues, the largest of which was that it was very cold inside. today was warmer than it's been most of the winter so far (about 40 degrees), so i wonder if they thought they didn't need to have the heat on anymore due to it being relatively warmer. whatever the case was, it was very drafty and uncomfortable. maybe we had the worst of it being under some kind of vent with a fan, but we had to wear our coats inside for the few hours we spent here while working on our laptops. i noticed that the people sitting next to us also had their coats on. also (and this isn't as big of a deal), but the space is sort of cramped and awkward particularly when power chords are involved. there were two women in there with strollers and i had to unplug my chord so they could get by. i'm not quite sure why the outlets aren't underneath the tables.  all in all, it was an a-ok experience. assuming the cold temperature was just a one-time, irregular time, then i would totally come back. my latte was honestly fantastic, and being able to find a seat with ease something i really value. if the temperature is all good the next time i return, then i'll update my review.visiting intelligentsia has become a routine on my days off from work. \u00a0i discovered this location when i was looking at several properties in the west town/wicker park neighborhoods. \u00a0if you often feel the ones in the loop area are too crowded and lack sufficient seating, this intelligentsia has along-the-wall indoor and outdoor bench seating, a plenty of lighting through large windows, and friendly and gregarious baristas. \u00a0their iced chai was done right, so was daddy j.'s americano. \u00a0this probably is my favorite intelligentsia location, for its conveniently located within walking-distance from the cta division blue line station, #9 (ashland), #56 (milwaukee), and #70 (division) buses. \u00a0therefore, north-siders, west-siders, and south-siders are all certainly welcome. \u00a0their decors and choices of furniture are simple, modern, and space-conscious. \u00a0come, enjoy a cup of coffee or tea, and relax your mind! \u00a0patronizing intelligentsia is the most inexpensive retail therapy one can have in the city: all you need is $5.supposedly decent coffee but terrible rude service and inconsistent delivery. would probably give even fewer stars were it not for their reputation.without a doubt this is my favorite coffee shop in chicago. i love their iced oat milk lattes! the baristas are the best; they remember my order and exactly how i like each drink i order from there. the iced matcha with oat milk and honey is another great option if you don't want coffee!a coffee shop in my neighborhood (wicker park) with a parking lot? count me in! i started visiting this place based on the simple fact that they had a place for me to park and it has quickly a weekly visit for me. \u00a0the folks that run this location are attentive, friendly and always care to ask me how my day is going no matter how busy they are. \u00a0it's nice to see this level of personalism with a company like intelligentsia that has really blown up exponentially over the years. \u00a0if you get here early enough to get a spot (seating is slightly limited), it's a nice space to to do work - their interior is really inviting and warm. \u00a0i love this spot.i was so excited to finally try intelligentsia coffee after hearing about them for years. \u00a0i arrived early sunday morning on mother's day and they were giving away a free flower to all women ... either to recognize them as mothers or to give it to their mothers. \u00a0this is a thoughtful touch. the cafe itself is bright, open, and have a few tables and chairs to sit. \u00a0in general, great atmosphere and their service was friendly enough. the barista helped me choose the right coffee for me as i described my preferred type... medium bold with low acidity. \u00a0i got the coffee and walked out the door when i took my first sip. \u00a0it ... was not good. \u00a0it was quite confusing. \u00a0it was heavily diluted while still having a strong vinegar note and a slight bitter note. \u00a0i gave it to my friend to try and seeing their reaction, i knew this wasn't my imagination. \u00a0i attempted to drink it again and couldn't. \u00a0i eventually opened the cup and noticed there was a decent amount of grinds and yet somehow the coffee was light in colour. \u00a0i'm sure this was a mistake ... i ended up throwing it away after the 2 sips. \u00a0we ended up going to gaslight roasters down the street. \u00a0they had a good coffee but their service wasn't good.perhaps i'll give intelligentsia another chance next time but it's hard when you have bowtruss and caffe umbria as its competitors.imagine this true scenario:just landed at midway airport. awake since 3am et. more hungry than thirsty, more tired than hungry, more impatient than tired. final destination is 20-75 minutes in the opposite direction of this particular intelligentsia which is currently 27 minutes away not counting the unpredictable traffic or crusty weather. after grabbing a rental vehicle, the obvious decision on where to go next is made....which is this intelligentsia, obviously. my fave intelligentsia on randolph doesn't have easy enough parking.anyone that complains about matters inconsequential to the coffee lacks appreciation for the, at times, inconvenient reality of chasing expertly created espresso.first time stopping by and i must say it will be my last the red head cashier was just plan rude not friendly at all!$3.91 for a small coffee? you've got to be kidding me. the coffee was nice, the facility was clean and wonderful. but 4 dollars, 5 with tip, for a 10oz coffee is insane. when did this become a thing?you should really change your hours to \"when our baristas feel like opening\" i came after 7 am on a saturday and the guy inside rudely shhaked his head and went back to what he was doing. maybe my skin color doesn't represent an acceptable customer to buy your ridiculously overpriced drinks. so i will stop buying this brand altogether. i know there are much better brands out there.one of the best coffee places in chicago.the baristas are friendly and actually seem interested in the customer. had the cortado and a chemex cause it was just that kind of day.wife had the vanilla latte cause she's got to have something sweet.atmosphere is inviting for both people that come here to get work done and those that come to just talk and chill!incredible coffee but $4.50 for a 16oz...that's steep compared to others in the area. great coffee shop and vibe for wicker parklove having an intelligentsia in wicker park.every time i go in here, the baristas couldn't possibly be nicer. they are always asking me about my day, my plans, etc...even when i look like i woke up about 7 minutes before i entered their shop. i really appreciate how friendly they are especially on a busy chicago corner.the coffee is top notch. i wish they had skim milk (eye roll from my husband) but i appreciate that they value their coffee flavor so much that they choose not to offer skim milk. if they feel that strongly about it, that's fine with me.the interior is easy and not pretentious. one large communal table, a full window bench seating area, and lots of extra seating on interesting looking orange blocks. an easy place to take a cup to go or enjoy a great conversation.damn their matcha latte is incredible. everyone has always been super friendly upon walking in. i've never had a bad cup of coffee here either. this is my ultimate favorite place to get coffee or matcha lattes on the go. i do wish it was less expensive, but it's totally worth every penny.superb! the quality of the coffee cannot be matched. i got the cappuccino and it was divine. excellent espresso. perfect velvety foam.onsistantly good coffee. inteligencia is becoming a regional starbucks, without reducing quality. they're clearly doing the right thing. i had a bolivian kalita todsy, good yet not off the charts.great coffee. my bf had a conference call during our trip so we stopped by this place mainly for the internet. i got the latte (latte leaf art hehe) and i think it was an almond croissant. both were delicious and hit the spot on the rainy day. (what a crazy weekend of weather that labor day weekend.... it was blazing hot and humid and then it was storming and raining. geez)workers were friendly bathroom was clean shop was decorated in a hipster fresh way conveniently across the street from the train stationi love intelligentsia. i'm sure it was just this particular barista, but my coffee was not hot, warm as best.really friendly, and smaller than i'd have thought, given their fame. when i walked in every employee working that day greeted me and asked how i was. my coffee was ready in moments. yes, the small latte is small, but really that just means they use less milk. the coffee taste was more robust than, say, the latte i got the day before from dark matter. i don't do a $4 coffee every day, but this is as good as any. oh, i don't think they had any fun lattes (like, say, ipsento), it's more of a coffee purist place.oh, and they have a discount for cyclists, which i love. although only sometimes apparently, because i biked back a few days later and no discount.best espresso i've ever had. i always make a point to get a cup when i'm in town. the staff at this particular location are very friendly as well!i needed a coffee for work and saw this place around the corner. the walls were lined with expressionless people staring at whatever screen was in their hands. \"i'll have a large coffee and one pastry please.\" $10 for a coffee and pastry.for half the price you can go across the street and get fresh made from a local bakery (shout out to sweet cakes)why would anyone pay that much for anything. may be to match the inflation of rent in the neighborhood?it comes with a pat on the back and a side of knowing you are better than everyone else that can't afford to drink here.perhaps i am an ignorant goon that doesn't get it. what am i missing? skip this place. shop mom an pop.the coffee was okay. \u00a0they had intriguing tools you could use to brew your own coffee the intelligentsia way at home. \u00a0coffee pots and weird shaped funnels. \u00a0the pricing is pretty expensive. \u00a0 the ambiance was a little bare but tolerable.the coffeewatch out wormhole, filter, caffe streets, and ipsento, intelligentsia has arrived!!! hands down, this is third wave coffee at its finest. the coffee here is impeccable! it's smooth, creamy, and the notes are so on point. i got the matalapa el salvador - i tasted a floral essence with hints of honey, which was simply divine. no cream or sugar needed. however, expect to wait longer than your normal starbucks time and to pay a little more ($4/cup), but for true coffee lovers - this is the best new thing to come to wicker park. note that soy milk is actually free, which is really great for all the vegan loving hipsters in wicker.the ambiancethis place is very modern and warm with large windows allowing the fresh sunshine to come in and wake up the customers if the coffee doesn't do the trick. it is lined with plastic red boxes used as stools, long black tables for community sharing, and lit with rows of lights dangling from the ceiling. it is quite small but it looks like there is free wi-fi and multiple places to sit to get some work done. the tables were displayed with fresh fragrant bouquets of beautiful flowers, so nice that they look like centerpieces at a reception. i hope these will always be there! the servers are all very friendly and look like they enjoy what they are doing. there are multiple french presses, scales, coffee, and t-shirts for sale. all in all, this place makes me really happy and i am so happy to welcome them to the neighborhood!$7 for a small matcha latte -i'm sorry i'm a coffee and tea lover but that price is outrageous. also, the only menu they have is a small menu at the counter and when you step up they make you feel pressured to place your order. put a menu up if you want people to be prepared. with all the coffee shops in this neighborhood-save yourself some cash and go elsewhere.intelligentsia. the queen of coffee.my macchiato was intelligentsia's black cat classic espresso blend. complex; a higher class of coffee. it was faultless. served in a red, red room, with sparkling water.in spite of aristocratic surroundings, i received no snobbery of the baristas. they were wonderfully helpful and friendly.as good as all other intelligentsia locations. really good coffee and super friendly staff.came in here for a hot chocolate and coffee today. i clearly asked please for soy milk in the hot chocolate. low and behold about an hour later i was violently ill. the barista absolutely put regular milk instead of soy in the hot chocolate. please be more careful in the future guys.i was looking forward to this opening for a long time. it's a modern, but still warm and beautiful space. i go 4 or 5 times a week in the morning to grab my morning coffee and i have always been happy. everyone who works there is extremely nice and helpful. the coffee is always amazing, and i especially love mornings when i can stay and they serve my coffee with additional carafe on the side to refill. it may seem a little expensive for coffee, but it reality the time and effort they put into it makes it worth it.delicious coffee and super friendly staff. i can't wait to go back for another coffee!!!nice small modern location. we took a short coffee break here during our shopping. the espresso i ordered tasted strong enough. the crowd was pretty young, and mostly busy on their macbooks or iphones. coffee was served decently fast. if anything it's not really a place to relax and unwind because of the setup and size of this location. but that's ok, we didn't go there to relax, we just wanted a coffee.i like the people who work at this location, as they're always friendly. however, $4 for a decent 6oz \u00a0cappuccino is outrageous. you can find better coffee for cheaper elsewhere in the neighborhood.thanks to matt for the awesome pick me up this morning! i'm here a few times a week and the coffee is always delicious and the faces always friendly. you guys just made a loyal customer today. thank you!coffee was decent though strong, cappucino was good. vibe was a little standoff-ish, like trying too hard to be cool. not a lot of seating and most of it was taken up by people camped out with computers. overall, an ok experience but a bit over-hyped.top notch coffee, friendly baristas and an urban atmosphere. the pastries (had the croissant) were excellent as well. flaky with generous fillings. tip: if you buy a bag of coffee, they knock $3 off your cup of coffee. whole foods also sells intellgentsia coffee, but the shop has more variety.some of the best chai lattes in chicago. my only wish is that they had a cinnamon shaker to add some on the top of the foam. other than that perfect. great pastries and rad seating.i stopped here after a night shift to pick up coffee beans for the next few weeks. the staff was friendly and helped me pick the best option for me. \u00a0you apparently get a free coffee drink whenever you buy a bag! since i didn't want caffeine at that point they made me a chocolate ganache hot cocoa. \u00a0to die for! i hadn't been to this location but have long been a fan of intelligentsia- great stop!this place is pretentious and paying $4.00 + tax for a small 12 oz. cup \u00a0of coffee is ridiculous. they also don't have skim milk, they only carry 2% and soy (which women shouldn't be drinking soy milk anyway, look it up.) \u00a0unwelcoming, cold and sterile room with bizarre chunks of red plasti-wood tables. \u00a0not impressed at all and certainly won't be back. \u00a0i'm surprised the hipsters who live off of pbr can afford to come here.i'm a coffee snob and wanted to try intelligentsia while i was visiting chicago. the coffee and espresso were excellent, as i had expected. the really great bonus was how lovely and kind the people were!it's intelligentsia. what can i say? over priced everything. yes their blends are good, however, their prices cater to the extremely pretentious and hipster fools. i can walk to my local grocer and get the same rich blend for half the price. that is not to say that the staff is extremely customer friendly. their pastries are bought from florial and their coffee beans are la-di-da. because they are a store front within the building i live in they get my money!great coffee. slow service. think twice if you're stopping in on your way to the airport (like i was). staff was moving at a snail pace and focused exclusively on answering a woman's endless questions about the drink in her hands rather than helping customers in line.awesome space, amazing coffee and tea, and service is solid. minus one star simply due to price but that will be the case at any intelligentsia shop. you certainly get what you pay for in service and quality.note: when you order any of the specialty coffees, you get enough for two cups! also, the pastries are really good here. like really good. not sure where they order from.simply amazing coffee. you're not going to find much in the way of starbucks-esque dessert beverages here, but with an expansive coffee, espresso, and tea menu, everyone is sure to find something they like.one star off for seating. there is just one table in the shop that seats 8 people. all of the rest of the seating is backless and tableless. i understand not wanting people to lounge in the shop forever, but the lack of tables is very inconvenient for those who stay in the shop, as all of their beverages are served on some form of platter or saucer. even tables just big enough to put one of these plates on would immensely up the experience.coffee is generally routine for me. i don't even pay that much attention to it most days. there are few enough really good coffee places around me that every time i come to chicago i have to visit intelligentsia. every time i do, that first sip is a reminder of just how damn good coffee can actually be. smooth and rich, never burnt, it's always a fantastic cup of coffee.trendy and classy upscale cafe in chicago! minimalist design, free wifi, outlets, and delicate teas.free, reliable wifi and the iced latte i had hit da spot! a great work space and although it can get busy, the noise level was always tolerable. baristas were really nice! from a previous time i've been here i can attest they have some of the best hot chocolate - not too sweet or thick, but still really flavorful!excellent beans and knowledgeable staff.yes, this place is expensive. if you want cheaper coffee, go to starbucks.intelligentsia, i love....making you at home....$4 for a cup of black coffee? i realize this is a boutique coffee place (and it's delicious), but i will stick to another local, boutique coffee shop down the street that serves bigger cups for half that price.excellent product and staff. the location is great too, right next to the blue line. the only thing that i would improve upon is the seating.you can't go there with your even small and tiny pet. even if you are holding him/her and gonna take out coffee, they make you to wait outside. i totally understand that, but when they said that, i felt like i was treated like i did something bad. one person told me my small dog is not allowed, and i told her i'm gonna take my coffee out as soon as i get it, and she said 'yes.' right after that, another person told me 'wait outside because pets not allowed' one more time infront of other people. that made me feel really bad, and i recently have never seen this in any places at all in chicago. \u00a0it is not pet friendly coffee place.i like the environment and people. the staff is awesome as well. what it don't really like is the coffee. sorry to say that but it's not a tasteful coffee. maybe i'm used to dd and done like fancy process of making a simple coffeeperfect coffee shop atmosphere. quiet enough to work but enough background noise to keep things from being awkward. as for the service, it was excellent. the baristas are very kind (pretty standard at all intelligentsias). the quality of the coffee is amazing. it's 90\u00b0 so i settled for a cold brew which was wonderful. love this place, easy to get to via blue line train or division, milwaukee, or ashland bus.not a fan. i drink chai and theirs was not delicious, only served in a small size and with 2% milk. pricey, nice baristas, clean atmosphere but not super comfy.been twice now. \u00a0i feel kinda bad for the three stars since every single person working here has been absolutely lovely in total contrast to my experience at the downtown one, where i felt like constant judgment was upon me for ordering a cafe au lait instead of just straight coffee. \u00a0i got a cafe au lait \u00a0to go the first time i came here. \u00a0i tried my boyfriend's straight black coffee the second time (i can't drink straight black because of stomach problems which sucks cuz i love the taste) and it was very smooth, very light and delicious. unfortunately, it doesn't stand up well to the milk added so my au lait didn't have much flavor. plus my au lait was 5 dollas for a 12 oz drink...uh no. \u00a0the latte i had the second time was pretty good, beautiful of course but in this drink also espresso didn't stand up to the milk at all. \u00a0creamy, very little coffee taste. \u00a0so if ya want straight coffee, go for sure, some of the best in chicago, but the other drinks were meh for the price.and the seating... the seating... wtf? \u00a0am i a five year old playing with blocks?? i want a back to my chair please. or is it a table?? maybe both?? if you're gonna do experimental furniture at least make it comfortable to sit on. \u00a0or make sense at all. really, i want to love your coffee and awesome employees but my weak stomach and strong sense that a coffee shop should be at least a little comfortable leaves me at 3 stars.still confused as to why the large here is smaller than at the downtown location. i thought they may just have ran out of the bigger cups the first time but was told the second time that's just how it is here. so why would i buy it here and not downtown?a wonderful addition to this to brew up some competition in the coffee shop business in this neighborhood. the seating area is not so comfy for sitting long for hours and getting work done because of all the block like things. pastries seem overpriced. i also wish either the quantity of coffee was more or the price was slightly lower because 8oz or 10oz feels too small for the price you pay when you are used to drinking traditionally large portion sizes from coffee-chains. for the seasoned tastebuds only, not your regular coffee shop. i would recommend the gateau basque - it is out of this world!the staff is magnificent. i usually don't comment on service unless it's bad but everyone one here is a) lovely b) remembers your name c) remembers your \"usual order\" has it ready when you walk up. who does that anymore? i know the coffee trend is at it's peak but does that mean because we spend $5 on a coffee we still don't expect some quality service? the coffee is great, pastries from floriole standard, solid, goodness. it takes energy to be cheery all day, trust me guys...these barristas have it down pat. i forgot how it feels for someone to ask me about my day, actually catches me off guard. great addition to the neighborhood!great coffee. cute place. uncomfortable seating. loud music. friendly staff. a/c very cold but that could be specific to the day.i don't want to like this place... the hyper-modern thing doesn't fit well with the neighborhood -- and in general, intelli is def on the \"snooty\" side of the coffee shop world... but for good reason. \u00a0if you're looking for the best coffee product, they can't be beat. the company clearly invests heavily in quality and training. extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff. similar to their other locations, it's hands-down the most consistently fantastic coffee and espresso you'll ever have. ugggggh.this is my favorite coffee brand and the interior design are very modern. small on the inside but great service and it has a bar atmosphere. not good for a large group to gather but good for 1 or 2 people. i like all the coffee and tea.not very good. i'm sorry but its the truth. its a place for posers. the coffee is just ok with much much better alternatives close by. the coffee seems to be brewed as to be sour or weak especially at this location. the tea is improperly served and only ok quality (perhaps bc poorly made?). seats are uncomfortable and baristas are not service oriented or approachable. poor place to get work done or meet people. baked goods are sub par and only ok - they lack flavor and substance. the only positive is that it is close to the the blue line, but again it is not the only place with a decent location. there are at least three better coffee brews in walking distance (no not starbucks) and much better places to spend time (upscale or downscale). expensive for no reason, and i am upset i gave it so many chances.best mocha in chicago is at this location. \u00a0from what i was told, they switched the company that supplies the chocolate. \u00a0one sip and you will be glad that they did.i really want to give this place a four stars or higher as they moved into an area dominated by starbucks. overall, they serve a good cup o' joe and some other interesting and delicious beverages like the sparkling teas. \u00a0unfortunately, my last two visits have resulted in a near public shaming by the manager because i asked for something different about my drink and they didn't like it. \u00a0the first was a sparking iced tea where i asked for a little ice which was met by a lecture from the barista with an emphatic 'no, we don't do that because it's sparkling and not meant to be consumed that way.\" \u00a0the second time i went in, i ordered the same thing and when i received my drink it was a 10 oz cup with 2.5 inches of foam on my the top. \u00a0after the foam settled (i hadn't taken a drink yet) i asked the barista/manager to top it off. \u00a0the response i received was that 'the foam makes the drink and they usually leave two inches of foam.' \u00a0after staring at me for what felt like forever, the barista only agreed to top off the drink after i argued that if i'm going to pay $4.50 for a glass of sparkling tea, then i care less about the presentation and more about getting my money's worth of product.' she rolled her eyes and finally topped the drink off, but not before she got the last word in that they would do it just this once but it's not something they do.'bottom line, the drinks are good, slightly overpriced and the staff is just as pretentious as the starbucks down the street. \u00a0i may keep trying. \u00a0hopefully third time is the charm!new location to wicker park. have to have their iced coffee, its not watered down likes at most places and is very robust and bold.i was already \u00a0familiar with the coffee (el gallo and itzamna are probably my favorites) but i never pass up the opportunity to check out a coffee spot. they also have tea and a small selection of pastries. i had something similar to a muffin filled with fruit and creme fraiche. it was quite tasty. this is a nice looking spot. it has kind of a contemporary look to it. the staff was very helpful and nice too.intelligentsia, my love. i live about a block from the intelligentsia in los angeles so on a long cross country trek it was a reprieve not only to get fantastic coffee, but to get a sliver of home. the staff was lovely and friendly. and of course, the coffee was divine.great coffee, quick service. \u00a0that's exactly what i'm looking for especially when it's a $4 cup of coffee and i can go one block west and get the same thing for $1.93 at starbucks. \u00a0i like the store front and all of their neat coffee prep tools that give intelligentsia their license to sell premium coffee. \u00a0i have two simple issues with this place though. \u00a01. change your pos system so that i don't have to finish the transaction on your ipad and have the cashier staring me down while i put \"no tip\" on a $4 cup of coffee that took literally 2.2 seconds to pour into a cup that you didn't even put the lid on for me. \u00a02. \u00a0stop being so hip and cool when asking me me if i want the coffee in a mug or a to-go cup. \u00a0they always say \"are you taking this away?\" and it just sounds so pretentious. \u00a0cancel the creative lingo guys... and ask \"for here or to go?\"delicious cappuccinos and fantastic service. but they didn't have the sip lid to fit the cup my cappuccino came in, which was disappointing when you're trying to take it on the train with you.went here on a hot day after walking the 606. the iced vanilla latte and nutella latte were exactly what we needed. they were made right in front of us and tasted delicious.the staff was quite nice, one of them talked us in to trying their mini donuts (spoiler: they were delicious). we tried the cinnamon sugar and the orange lemon. super small, but they are called mini donuts. if you go after 4pm, they're half price as well!the atmosphere is really cool in there. most people had their laptops out and were working by the open windows. limited seating, but we found a place at the bar. i highly recommend.espresso served too hot, bean quality not impressive (wildfire espresso). latte art quality - fuggedaboutit.beautiful interior, great place to work. but just had to call a spade a spade on the main offering here - the coffee.jacking'em up to a four star because at the end of the day i like them and real happy they're in my hood.still question their level of hygiene. last week went there twice. both my dog and i liked what we got (he got croissants) ...coffees reasonably good, and done nicely.staff, very nice.location fabulous.nice coffee shop in the area. about a 5 minute walk from some great street art such as the chicago wall and robin williams wall. they have a fun selection of drinks. the nutella latte was delicious as expected, i just wish it had a bit more in flavor. the ispento coffee however, was my favorite and has a slight kick that really jolts you to be awake. decent prices around 4- 5 dollars and a small slection of pastries are available.really great vibes here! it's a great space with warm dark wooden finishes and lots of natural light- great for getting work done. the only thing to keep in mind is that it gets loud! they blast the music so it was a little hard for me to hear myself think, even though i usually love doing work at coffee shops. aside from that, the coffee is great! i had an herbal-tasting latte with almond milk which was very good. they also have mini donuts! i usually don't like donuts at all but these were made from sweet potato and i had to try. i think the one i tried was orange with cardamom and it was super soft and a perfect texture. what's cool about ipsento is that it has a bar too! it's a great place to come hang or catch up with friends, but when it comes to working, only come if you're able to drown out loud sounds!you know that you have some of the most special beans and brews in the city of chicago when i have to stop for one of your signature lattes just because it makes my day so so special. i wish i didn't live on the other side of the 606 trail, but that's my way of saying bring your coffee north of lawrence ave.ipsento has great coffee with creative latte options and amazing mini donuts. the staff was really nice and it has a chill atmosphere. i brought my laptop to do some work on a sunday afternoon where it was really packed. there is limited seating where i had to wait a little bit before i was able to sit at a table.i ordered the rose cardamom latte and half a dozen mini donuts. i want to be able to tell you what my favorite flavor donut was but each one was just so good. the latte? so good. a part of me wants to be fancy and be able to describe the amazing aroma/delicious flavors but you know what? unnecessary because it was just so. very. good. you just need to try it for yourself. i highly, highly recommend this coffee shop and i am definitely coming back.being a fresh meat in chi city, i was the classic hipster looking for the best coffee in the city. i was so happy to found ipsento 606.amazing selection of coffee - each cup stands up for itself and there is a wide variety of good coffee.*) the nutella latte had the perfect amount of nutella sweetness without overpowering the taste of coffee.*) the ipsento latte is no standard latte. i love that they spiked it with spices for a unique kick.*) cold brew is my go to work coffee and ipsento's did not disappoint. it's refreshing with the perfect amount of acidity - just perfect for my taste.i have to give honorable mention to their donuts. they are in adorable mini size, with the perfect amount of sweetness. my favorites are the earl grey and maple donuts.i live on the opposite side of ipsento, but because they are the kind of coffee shop that are equipped with both the love of coffee and the passion for community, i can't help but to find an excuse to swing by.my boyfriend and i come here just about every weekend for the chai latte. for those used to drinking chai from places that use concentrate, like starbucks, you'll notice this chai tastes much fresher and original. it doesn't have quite as much spice as chai usually does, but you can always add extra spice. i enjoy the freshness and unique taste this chai offers, i would definitely recommend trying it if you are looking for a real chai latte.overall this was one of the nicer cages i've been to around chicago. this is one of their few locations in the city featuring their mini bitesized doughnuts in several flavors.i decided to try their seasonal basil mint mocha drink and i was very surprised by how well everything mixed together and tasted. the latte art was prime and looked very well crafted. overall one of my hands down favorite cafes i've been to around chicago. the actual scene was quiet more in the early afternoon, but got more louder as more people came in. seating was pretty rough and got pretty crowded. there wasn't too many spots to sit to get work done but the wifi had pretty good speeds. the cafe got pretty loud and somewhat distracting but this was a saturday afternoon/evening.this place has great chai latte made with whole milk of course. also has a friendly vibe from the staff that is very welcoming. the ambience is also nicely laid out with plenty of tables to do work and strong wi-fi.some of the best coffee chi-town has to offer. \u00a0this particular location is right next to a great little park and bloomingdale trail. \u00a0very convenient for a relaxing morning!wow! this place is a must go. my friend took me here after an amazing reflexology session and i was already in a good mood but this place's latte made my day even better. i decided to go with the nutella latte, because who can resist that? my friend had the ipsento latte and we got two mini donuts that were the donut versions of our drinks. the nutella latte was nothing short of amazing; it was sweet and tasted just like nutella and gave me the perfect afternoon pick me up kick. i tried the ipsento latte and it too was delicious. it is made with cayenne and coconut and the combination creates a smooth and slightly spicy and slightly sweet taste. the mini donuts were also sooo good. i just wish they were bigger! the atmosphere of this place is clean and modern and they also serve beer and other alcoholic beverages. many people were studying while we were there. the cashier who took care of us was friendly and helpful and not pretentious at all, which was great, since this seemed like it might be the place for pretentious people. the only small complaint i have is that in \u00a0the restroom that i used the hand dryer wasn't working. other than that, i was in love with this place!best latte i've ever had. treat yourself with their nutella almond milk latte. there's space to work or meet with a friend. they have cocktails too if you want a first date spot. right underneath the 606 so you can walk after.it is the best latte i've ever had. the roast on the coffee is full bodied, smoky and mellow. good dairy, chunky ice cubes and a jar.peaceful, groovy vibe inside the joini'm dropping two stars, yes two, because of ipsento's \"no laptop rule\" after 7 p.m. i would respect the ipsento team so much more if they allowed me to be in a social environment and work and drink wine on a friday night - as sometimes one must do. it's very unusual to prohibit your customers from enjoying your space in a way that makes them comfortable! sometimes, forced trendiness disappoints. that in mind - ipsento has great coffee, there is no question. and if you are dropping in to grab a latte to go, you won't be disappointed. if you're looking for a spot to sit down and read or do some work, there is sufficient seating considering the size of the shop, however it's not comfortable. only one of the tables has chairs with back support - all other seating options are stools. not a huge deal, but worth keeping in mind when weighing your coffee shop options.what ipsento is doing in the city of chicago is pretty awesome. they are bringing the coffee to the people literally and allowing people to be a part of their success by crowdfunding their hopeful expansion. this location is very close to their other one, but offers a much more modern feel. the other a lot more cozy and i'd say more conducive when you're trying to get work done. each cup of coffee here can be made in the style that you prefer. really nice that it's nearby the 606, i only wish i discovered it when the weather was warmer. luckily, that seems to be around the corner. very much recommend this place to coffee lovers, also check out their lil mini doughnuts.one of the absolute cutest coffee shops i've been to in chicago!we came at happy hour and both really enjoyed our drinks. i got one with beets and my friend got a twist on a mojito. i really liked the spices in mine and appreciated the subtle beet taste. the mojito was also great and so creative! we also tried the mini donuts. this is the only thing i didn't absolutely love. we got the ipsento and the chocolate but they were both too spiced for me. however i definitely still look forward to coming back and trying more creative coffee drinks or cocktails!!based on one visit:good coffee but super slow service. it took nearly 10 minutes after ordering to get my cappuccino. not worth it for me.conveniently located at a 606 entrance, this coffee shop has plenty of stools available sunday at midday, and the line was only 2 people deep! prices are reasonable for a coffee bar, and they do serve food till 4pm, desserts, and alcohol! no laptops after 7pm, and the music is a bit loud to be listening to lectures, otherwise i will definitely come back when studying!most importantly, their coffee selection is fantastic, and they do have pour overs till 3pm! definitely check this place out! i loved my ipsento latte, a perfect blend of sweet and spicy (it's just a touch of cayenne), well done!great coffee- chill vibe where you're not overwhelmed with picking what coffee/espresso to order- friendly staff who really cares about their coffee craft. enough tables to go around for you to grab you laptop and work while enjoying your coffee.cute little donut treats for $1 each and couple of pastries as well. i tried their pumpkin patch latte (now available)- you can taste the pumpkin come through (no artificial flavors) and no need to add anything else. sweet enough to perfectly balance the pumpkin and latte flavors come through. my boyfriend always orders the western (ice coffee with some orange essence flavor) it's not a quick in and out like a starbucks but you wait for good coffee- patience is key. it's worth the wait!omg please try the ipsento latte. i got mine iced . it's such a magical combination of flavors!! espresso + honey + cayenne + combo of coconut and whole milk. i knew it would be good, but it exceeded expectations. truthfully i can't say say the same for the ipsento mini donut, but it was good as well for only a dollar. i've been wanting to try this place since moving to wicker park as it's right off the 606 and it just looks so cool with the windows open. it's a great spot for relaxing, studying, etc. good spot overall!i really like this cafe. very convenient right off the 606. it was very crowded but service was fast.they served these small donuts that came in six flavors. i tried all six. they had three that we're chocolate glazed. they were pretty small so you won't really be full but delicious.the iced coffee was quite amazing. one of the best i've had in a while. they also have a selection of beer which i will try next time.they had a decent amount of space to get work done and fast wifi.i will probably come here often to work.i stopped here on a recommendation from a friend, although i am not in this neighborhood often. i came in here to buy beans, because i love trying all of the great chicago-based coffee companies. i was having trouble choosing the beans i wanted, and the barista was very helpful in talking me through the different coffees to find something that i would like. i ended up choosing a gift box with the three panama coffees, all of which were absolutely delicious. i love that ipsento tries unique flavors with their coffee. while in the shop, i also purchased a cappuccino and one of the mini donuts! everything tasted great and came out quickly. there were a lot of people in the shop at around 10am on a thursday, so i can imagine this coffee is well-loved by the neighborhood.overall, i am very impressed with the coffee and the service at ipsento. i look forward to returning when i find myself in the area!this is probably one of the best coffee spot i found in chicago. heard very good things but after visiting i am impressed. a cozy place for evening get together or if u just want to relax. ipsento has great coffee latte and great cocktails. we gotnutella latte and mexican nitro coffee (with tequila). #funnightwithfriends #nightoutstopped by this place after another hot chocolate bar was closed for the holidays and i must say wow! we ordered an iced nutella latte, basil mint mocha, hot chocolate, vanilla latte, and a dozen donuts. iced nutella latte - i was very surprised! often these drinks come out too sweet, but this stuck the right balance without being very bitter. basil mint mocha - you can really taste the basil! recommended as a nice warm drink. hot chocolate - rich and creamy, yum!vanilla latte - one of the best lattes i have tasted. donuts - these are so mini! when i was looking at the reviews i didn't realize that the donuts were mini because they are so detailed! we bought a dozen and they came in a cute little box. atmosphere - very warm and comfortable, i could spend a lot of time here!came in here to grab coffee the other day.. cute coffee store, it was crowded with people going in and out. there were people on laptops sitting in there drinking their drinks. i needed coffee and it's a block away from where i am staying. the cashier was friendly and i got my coffee right away. i would come back here for coffee or try one of the other drinks on the menu.i came here with a friend around 1pm on a weekday, and it was quite empty. i got a hibiscus berry cold tea and an ipsento donut. i also had half the hibiscus donut. the tea was quite average but good, and the donut was really small. flavor could have been bolder for sure for the donuts; the frosting on the hibiscus didn't really taste like anything. it was also really expensive; each tiny donut was $1 and the tea was $4. and lots of ice in the cup. they serve the tea in jars though which is nice. i do like the ambience of the place!i love the original ipsento and every location that's come since then, ipsento 606 being no exception. it's coffee, but it's not regular coffee. it seems like everything they do they add a little magical twist to it. i have always been a big fan of their cardamom rose lattes but on my visit here the pumpkin patch latte called to me. it's not at all like going to starbucks so don't worry if you think you're too cool for an sbux psl. this is not that (though i won't hate on those either). their pumpkin patch latte just tastes real. like, real food, real ingredients. there's no question of artificial additives because you can taste how pure this \u00a0puppy is. made with real pumpkin, brown sugar, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and local pumpkin coconut syrup, it is a divine treat on a perfect autumn chicago day.cool cafe coffee shop in bucktown. they're open late. it's by the 606 elevated trail. there's a cool mural outside and a bark. it's quite busy and popular. there's a smaller location close by. while the first location is cozy and small with tables and chairs that don't match, this location is more elegant, and i saw couples having cocktails in the evening. i guess it depends on your personality which location you prefer, this one is open late. i think they make their own donuts. the croissants are from floriole.what a nice lil addition to the neighborhood ! wish they were around when i lived a few blocks away and jogged the 606 a few times a week . solid latt\u00e9s and iced coffee's . i usually order whatever specialty coffee a coffee shop has so i tried the nutella latt\u00e9 but it was too sweet for my liking and i can do sweet. they have the cutest lil tiny baby dougnuts i usually get for my daughter and i to share. best coffee shop on the 606, in my opinion. grab a cup o joe before your jog , or come lay down in the hill grassy \u00a0area next to it in between or after your jog/walk .ordered a mocha from here. it was very creamy and delicious. one of the best mochas i've tasted! the atmosphere is great for working or even just socializing with friends.this is my favorite cafe in chicago. i've been here a few times now (in fact, i make sure to drop by and spend some time here whenever i'm in the wicker park area). i love their laid back yet professional service and the upscale interior. but most of all, i love their creative coffee offerings. the ipsento latte, their signature drink, is just unique. i'm sipping it as i write this, and the hot, spicy flavor perfectly complements the rich latte. oh, for those of you who don't know, the secret is cayenne pepper (just a little bit). they also offer seasonal items like pumpkin latte that's literally real (made with real pumpkin stuff). best class cafe all around, cheers.nitro was really flat, but the decor is nice. (2star) *update: got a good tasty corridor. i forgot who you are but you are the mannn(4 stars)wonderful espresso, and great whole bean offerings. it gets busy on the weekends, so if you're hoping to sit and work, get there early!the evening laptop rule is enforced, and is meant to encourage community among patrons. we enjoyed talking with other customers, and had a great experience! :)great coffee, unique coffee cocktails. i tried their take on an irish coffee; i'm not usually one for the sweeter drinks but it just seemed like the right choice (it was cold and rainy outside - who wouldn't want an irish coffee in that context?!). \u00a0it was incredibly rich, so definitely something i'd recommend if you want *just* one drink, or plan on switching to something lighter after, but really good. \u00a0i'll have to make my way back over there to try their other stuff.overall, a really chill, accessible, friendly place to grab a coffee or drink and do whatever the heart desires.lured me in, took my money, then was effectively asked to leave.i discovered this place while looking for a cafe that would be open as late as possible, as i had a long night of work ahead of me and needed coffee somewhere that didn't have all the distractions of home. this is a very normal thing, and i see many of us doing it in cafes all the time. this specific location is open until 11 during the week, so it seemed like a perfect spot. upon arrival, i read the various signage on the door. notices about changing hours and the like, and nothing that affected me this evening, so i went inside. for a cafe, this places is extremely loud. most of this is due to the height of the small room coupled with the classic chicago copper top ceiling tiles, but it's definitely exacerbated by the way-too-loud music and the tipsy people yelling over it. this place is far more bar than cafe, though they did appear to be offering a full cafe menu. there were many seats & tables available, as it was a weeknight and after 9pm. i ordered a cardamom rose latte, which ended up being delicious. while waiting for my drink, i set up in a remote dark corner away from most everyone, and opened my laptop. within minutes i was set upon by a staff member who informed me of a \"no laptops past 7pm\" policy. this seemed bizarre, and i've never experienced this anywhere in my many, many years of working remotely, especially not in a place which calls itself a cafe. i apologized, and let them know i wouldn't have caused this scene had i known, and perhaps a sign on the door would be a good idea, as it would have kept me from even coming inside. the staff member was pleasant and apologetic, and said he himself had suggested the sign, but it was shot down. very odd, as there were (as i had mentioned before) other signs posted on the door. i suspect this is to lure people in and get some money from them before telling them they can't work in there and hope they stay for some more drinks anyway, whereas letting them know up front results in fewer sales. clever racket, but comes eerily close to bait-and-switch. i was, at least, offered the option of a refund or a to-go cup. that seems like very cordial compensation, except the option of \"put the laptop away and enjoy your stay here\" was very obviously missing. i cannot determine why i was being treated this way. i looked as well-kempt as the rest of the patrons; i was not dressed in some offensive manner. . .they just decided i was not wanted there. i was at least given a coupon for a free drink, which is nice and all, but i'm not sure when i'd ever be back. the only reason i had gone there to begin with was that it claimed to be a late-night cafe; i have many other cafes closer to me that are perfectly fine, and this one has already made it clear i'm not wanted there. after all of this was squared away, i still didn't have my drink. i had to then hang around awkwardly after everyone knew i had been asked to leave. it was terribly embarrassing. it's great that we live in a place where we're allowed to choose the amenities we personally want our businesses to provide, but it becomes problematic when we lure people in with the assumption of amenities, take their money, and then let them know they were wrong. if you want to be a bar, that's great, but call yourself a bar. if you don't want people on their phones or laptops, that's your prerogative, but throw a small sign up, as violet hour does. heck, turn the wifi off after 7, as cafe mustache does (they also have signage). do something. don't just lure people in, take their money and then tell them if they want to be productive they'll have to leave.love, love this place! it is a great addition to bucktown and i love being able to stop by here after a run or walk on the 606. pros: great coffee (recently tried the seasonal basil mint mocha, go try it now if you can), there's wine and beer (!!), the large windows that are opened up to the 606 in the warmer months, and the staff is super friendly.cons: really the biggest con is that there are so many other people that like this place. i always find myself squeezing through crowds and waiting a bit for my coffee. but that's good for business and it's worth it. oh, and seated space is limited but the whole point of me going is to hop back on the 606 with coffee in hand or go explore my wonderful neighborhood some more.loved it! i had first tried ipsento coffee at another cafe in lagrange il that serves ipsento. i had ordered the guatemala huehuetenango pour-over and fell in love. i saw that the coffee shop sold the exact coffee and out of curiosity searched the company only to find out they have a couple locations in chicago!we also had a taste of each of their little donuts and the cinnamon sugar was my favorite! i tried both of their cheese boards which were a yummy and filling snack.we'll be back again as i love that they're open til 11pm. i ended up getting the guatemala coffee (being guatemalan i had to get it and plus i loved it that much).see you soon, ipsento!i started coming to ipsento back in february. i'd come in after an evening of work at a nearby spa, tired and ready to decompress. the friendly staff here is amazingly patient and will discuss any drink on their menu at length to really make sure you get the perfect fit. back then, i opted for the sweater weather - nice and boozy. \u00a0served with a square ice cube it has true staying power. now i try to branch out a bit to get to know the menu a little better. i now try to visit ipsento when ever i am in bucktown.dragging myself through o'hare, i knew i needed a good jolt of caffeine before hitting the parking lot known as the chicago highway leading to downtown loop. \u00a0i quickly yelped and saw ipsento as a good place and it did not disappoint. \u00a0this is a neighbourhood coffee place that has a lot of cozy seating where a lot of quiet groups of people are working. \u00a0service is warm and helpful... i was debating between a dirty chai or their seasonal real pumpkin spice coffee drink. \u00a0i ended up getting a dirty chai and it was a good one as you can taste a balance of the espresso shot and spices. \u00a0it wasn't overly sweet which was a nice relief. \u00a0if i'm ever in this spot again, i'll definitely come back to try more of their coffees. \u00a0great place and would recommend.i can't believe the amount of times that i have been here and not written a review!! i guess... for the most part a lot of times i was still working at yelp and couldn't leave a review. anyway. i love this place!! from their great coffee, to their excellent tiny donuts! the perfect place to stop off at on your morning walk to grab a drink or small breakfast!ipsento's biggest fault, it's proximity to me. \u00a0i have learned a little self control since it's opening but still spend 5x more on coffee than i usually do. \u00a0my husband literally just ran down to grab us evening lattes. \u00a0this is a clean, modern, and in layman's terms, just really cool coffee shop/bar. \u00a0you heard right, bar! \u00a0i have popped in a for a few of their cocktails, and, amazing. \u00a0i think they rotate both their cocktails and beers but i'm not completely certain.the staff here is always friendly. \u00a0they know my name. \u00a0at least the morning guys do. \u00a0as far as their coffees and lattes go, hands down, the best. \u00a0apparently they have this expensive filtration system and use reverse osmosis water. \u00a0if anything go for the water and ambiance.came here after dinner on girl's night and really liked the vibe. i felt sorry for the server coz we were a bunch of demanding asian gals who want hot coffee cocktails, but we all liked the drinks so maybe they should think about adding them to the menu for winter! loved the chill vibe but wish there were more comfy chairs and dessert offerings. like that they close late. had a great time and will be back!been to so so so so so many coffee shops and caf\u00e9s all throughout chicago but i've got to say, ipsento is my favorite. really friendly staff, great coffee, open/comfortable space. for some reason i just always feel like i'm most comfortable and productive here.one of my favorite coffee shops in the city! really great location, directly off the 606 trail. very chill environment. good size shop, with adequate space. i haven't been too creative with my drink orders but do enjoy their iced coffee and toasted everything bagels (very fresh!)the good:the coffee here is tasty. \u00a0the ingredients, flavor notes, and presentation is on point. \u00a0the not so good:after 3 pm, however, they begin to limit the coffee offering which is a bit inconvenient for late afternoon coffee drinkers.the bad:the service could use a revamp. \u00a0we sat counter side for a while and no one came to greet us or remove the previous guest's glasses. \u00a0finally, i got up and went in line at the register. \u00a0i asked for a menu and the guy behind the counter plopped one at my seat at the counter (and still left the dirty glasses). \u00a0finally after being ignored for another 10 minutes, i got up and ordered from the cash register. \u00a0i did ask if we normally have to order from the register and the guy said no but since i'm at the register he'll take my order. \u00a0none of the employees seemed happy to be there.although the coffee here is good, it is not better than any of a dozen other local coffee shops in the area that serves delicious coffee by baristas with better attitudes.the beautiful esthetics, the wonderful staff and the excellent coffee makes ipsento a must try! one of my favorite coffee spotsvisit at night, grab a drink at the bar, and sit by the open windows for some fantastic wildlife watching!the hip knick-knack store next to ipsento 606 has a card that says, \"we used to be cool.\" that's how i feel when i come to ipsento 606.look -- they serve beer here, too. how cool is that? the windows open up to the lawn outside, where all these young folks hang out and read their bestseller books. how cool is that? you can tie up your dog outside and watch as strangers stop-by to admire your pup. how cool is that? it's basically in the best spot right now in a 3 mile radius -- right off the 606, on damen. doesn't get any cooler than that.but now let me knock it down so i can feel better about myself. it's not a great place to study/work since it's so busy all the time. lots of constant activity. it can get a bit warm due to the windows/wall being open. space can be hard to come by. i sound pretty uncool criticizing this coffeeshop so i'll stop now.i was so excited for this new ipsento location to open up by the 606 bloomingdale trail. \u00a0it's off the \"leavitt/milwaukee\" exit. \u00a0once again, it's a beautiful coffee shop with a plenty of natural light. \u00a0i ordered one of my favorite speciality coffee drinks, \"ipsento.\" \u00a0the iced version of this was wonderful. \u00a0it truly was the \"make-you-feel-good\" beverage i needed for the lazy afternoon. \u00a0by the way, their mini homemade donuts are addicting! \u00a0please be advised that one (1) serving portion is tiny, like a bite-size miniature donut. \u00a0i guess they have done the work of \"portion control\" and it shouldn't be consumed like potato chips, one after another. \u00a0if you can't find a table seating, it's totally alright to stand at the bar. \u00a0their current summer hours are great for a night-out in bucktown, open until 11pm.very good coffee drinks and breakfast sandwiches served by unhelpful people who don't smile.amazing coffee, amazing atmosphere, amazing location. whenever i want a great cup of coffee and a chill atmosphere i come here. they also have a beer and cocktail program! the irish coffee is my favorite (probably in the city). only downfall is the cocktails aren't served until 4pm. just go here and hangout.amazing new location! bright and welcoming, and with a perfect spot off the 606, i can see this being a very popular place! amazing donuts and speedy quality coffee brews to boot! (normally i'd write more but honestly this place is just a spot that speaks for itself!)can't get enough of this cafe bar! nutella latte: 5basil mint mocha (with anise): 5guatemala roast (pour-over): 5brazil roast (pour-over): 4great high top seating with ample desk space for getting work done, or gathering with a group.i like ipsento a lot - both locations really take coffee seriously and deliver wonderful and creative coffee drinks and pastries. that being said, i'm a little disappointed with their 606 shop. the aesthetic of the place is fresh and trendy, but the set up really isn't comfortable for sticking around very long. there's not quite enough seating and/or workspace for how many people go through there and what is there, isn't set up very well for meeting up with friends or working. but, great coffee.oh and yummy mini donuts - definitely try the donuts!i went to this coffee shop last weekend when i asked a couple of my work friends where to explore in wicker park. i checked out the yelp reviews before going and my friends were right! i got their lattee with cayenne in - so so good!! i ended up staying for three hours to enjoy my coffee and people watch outside their large window. great place, super cool employees and amazing coffee.i really like the cafe and the layout. it is not too loud (but also not quiet enough where i would feel awkward to socialize) \u00a0and lot of space to work. i chose the spot that could see into the park and it was nice to be able to enjoy he outdoor even though i had to do work. i ordered a latte and it was delicious. i saw there were some donuts that looked really cute (but i could probably inhale them in a second). i didn't try it since he flavor i wanted was out, but it's on my listvery friendly, knowledgeable staff, urban feel, great natural sunlight and most importantly delicious coffee. came here on a coffee tour with a few friends and split the panama flight, which was recommended by one of the employees. aeropress - smooth, a little woody, balanced, flavors linger on your tongue for a while after finishing your drink. single origin espresso - complex, interesting, faint notes of honey. nitro cold brew - dark, smooth, easy drinkability, not carbonated/artificial tasting like a lot of cold brews. will definitely be back!coffee shop is unfriendly to laptop users after 7 pm on weekday nights. no laptop rule. expensive coffeeshop. dirty countertops.a true coffee bar. \u00a0i visited on a tuesday night around 8pm on my self-guided blue line coffee tour. \u00a0at night the coffee menu is limited because they focus on alcohol sales, but its still a good time to get a cortado. \u00a0and man, is it good! \u00a0and unique! \u00a0the only cortado i have drank that is made with 3 (yes, 3!!) shots of espresso. \u00a0beware, you may not sleep for a while after a cortado from this place. \u00a0then ambiance at night is classy and calming with the dimmed lights and candle lit room. \u00a0the layout of the coffee bar focuses my attention on the main reason i visited here: the back-to-back slayer espresso machines--they are beautiful! \u00a0the baristas/bartenders are super friendly--chat with them!--and down to earth.nice atmosphere with polite staff. the coffee we had the nutella and coconut almond milk latte and the basil mint latta. both were great. had their mini house made donuts ($1 each ) but they were good. nice place to warm up and enjoy local coffee.very cool, very clean, very hipster, and very busy. ipsento 606 was definitely a good spot to come to on this hot saturday morning, and the mural on the outside wall is a sight to see also. i got a nitro cold brew on this hot day, but it was pretty tiny disappointingly. the coffee was good, but i think i like starbuck's cold brew better....people will hate me for saying that..... needless to say, the girl at the counter was super friendly and perky, and the overall coffee shop vibe and atmosphere was great. they have a variety of great menu options, and one that i got to try was the western. it was a little too sweet though, but if you're into that, it is very refreshing. i would recommend this cool spot if you're looking for a unique spot outside the local starbucks.i really enjoy the decor and setting of this ipsento. \u00a0it's usually pretty crowded so it is hard to find seating. \u00a0i think their menu selections are unique and comprehensive. \u00a0i ordered a hibiscus iced tea and they gave me a black tea instead, which is why i gave this 4 stars instead of 5 stars and the iced tea was kind of plain and not exciting for a nice coffee shop. \u00a0i will stick to lattes here.what more is there to say? \u00a0the best coffee shop in chicago. \u00a0i love their guatemala beans... so far it's my favorite coffee i've had.love this coffee place, right off the 606 path. \u00a0it's a hip/trendy spot that always seems to be busy -- even at 2pm on a saturday. they have a great coffee drink selection, as well as donuts, pastries, and alcohol for later in the day. \u00a0i just tried their seasonal pumpkin patch latte. i'm not a big starbucks psl drinker, but ipsento's pumpkin latte ingredients are top notch. \u00a0the girl ringing up my order was extremely knowledgeable about their menu and super friendly. all around, great atmosphere. \u00a0can't wait to come back here for a weekend coffee or glass of wine soon!this is my favorite coffee shop in chicago, hands down. the honey, spices, coconut milk, and overall quality is sublime. it can be pricey, but it's worth it -- what a treat! stick to coffee, though. the food is good, but it doesn't hold a candle to the espresso bar.service is great here and the coffee is awesome. note that this spot becomes a bar scene around 6ish in the evening so it's not a great idea if you're trying to study/get work done. during the day though it's an awesome study spot with a gorgeous view of a park and the 606.the best coffee in chicago. there are many coffee shops out there and so many nicer than this location but the flavor of this place was just perfect for my palate. \u00a0the place is great with a nice view and it has a great ambience. \u00a0the service is decent.place in amazing. device and style of the locals and the unique coffee. \u00a0get the ipsento latte. it's amazing.honestly, this is the best coffee in chicago. better than sawada, better than intelligentsia, better than dark matter and all the other blah blah blahs. i actually rave about their lattes to my friends. (is that sad?) no joke, i can't order lattes from any other place because every other latte is just sh*t. seriously. total sh*t. every time i order a latte, it's perfect temperature, perfect taste -- not bitter, not syrupy, just perfect. honestly, *every* time. the only place i like more is philz in san francisco, so for now, yeah, ipsento has secured all my future business :)i visited ipsento 606 recently with family who were visiting the city all the way from pennsylvania. it was also my first visit to ipsento 606, having lived in the city over a year now. the coffee/cocktail i ordered wasn't a flavor i was very fond of (think essence of black licorice), but i tried a different option that one of my older sisters likes, and preferred that coffee/cocktail to the one i ordered. that being said, both drinks were made well; it was just a taste preference for me, no wrongdoing on ipsento's part. everyone in my group enjoyed the ambiance and fun conversations we shared at our table. our apologies if we were the more animated group that night! anyway, the main reason for the five stars is that my sister showed me the where they keep their adorable, mini donut collection. i was debating which flavors to take home to my girlfriend (would she like these? oh, come on. who wouldn't?), and after we confirmed that we also wanted to order some drinks, the gentleman who was behind the donut display gave us a variety of donuts to try on the house! it was such an unexpected and generous gesture that has left me with a wonderful impression of ipsento 606, the sprinkle on the donut, if you will.a big \"thank you\" for making my family and me have even more reasons to smile that night with the two free plates of delicious, wee donuts and chill, candle-lit atmosphere. side note: my aunt is a flautist, so it was great and coincidental that a lot of the music playing while we were all there featured the flute. it's like you knew!beautiful coffee shop. love their nutella latte. pretty large space. i was able to park right across the street on a saturday morning.this is a great spot to get coffee, a drink, or have an informal meeting. right by the 606 and it's super pretty inside!i want to start off by saying i really enjoy ipsento. i think they have coffee and a great staff and have gone in numerous times for coffee dates, to sit and get work done, and i enjoy myself whenever i'm there, thus the four stars. however, i went in last night at 9:45 hoping to get a small snack and maybe a tea. despite the fact that their kitchen is open until 10, they had already shut down. my friend asked for a different dish, they had also put that away, too. i was hungry, i wanted to sit and chat with a snack and a friend, and finally check out ipsento 606 at night time. i was just really, really disappointed. if your kitchen is open until 10, i should be able to get a bite until 10. what also bothered me is that the man who helped us, while nice, wasn't very apologetic and didn't have any other suggestions for us. i still love this place, i will still get coffee from here, but i probably won't come here at night. the hospitality was a much different experience from the day.i'm giving ipsento 606 5 stars for the rose cardamom latte. \u00a0i had never heard such a latte existed until my friend tipped me. \u00a0wow! \u00a0it was beautiful. \u00a0and the place itself is pretty neat. \u00a0i'll be back to check out more drinks!this is a great caf\u00e9 to spend the day working, if you're lucky enough to get a seat close enough to an outlet. the drinks are high quality and the space is tops, which is why it's always so busy. sharing the tables is typical, so just expect to befriend a stranger if you're looking to settle down with your computer. every experience i've had at ipsento 606 has been enjoyable, and i've always been quite satisfied with my drink quality - which is typically single origin pour-over or espresso. it's nice to have the switch to a cocktail bar in the evenings with equally fantastic beverages. just keep in mind that they dim the lights at that time, so study time is over if you're working with paper!i absolutely love this place i mean i can't get enough of it. i'm not sure if it's the awesome location with the cool rock seating and mural painting outback, the coffee snob ambiance, or the amazing drinks that keeps me coming back. each time i come i always get the nutella latte with almond milk, it's amazing if you haven't tried it please do....you won't be disappointed. after hours it turns into sort of a lounge/bar/coffee house you can order hand crafted cocktails and beer. i must mention the disclaimer i noticed this last time i was here: after 7pm no laptops are allowed. i guess they don't want your books & laptop taking up counter space while patrons are trying to drink and mingle. however the other location does not have this rule. so i guess this location is your more upscale coffee house/bar lounge and the other is your laid back coffee house. so whatever your mood i'm sure you can get whatever your looking for at either location.seriously?! \u00a0are you kidding me?!? \u00a0the no laptop policy after 7pm is lame! \u00a0i went out of my way to come to ipsento to work on my mac, have a drink, and chill. \u00a0was so disappointed to hear that was not possible as it was after 7pm. \u00a0interestingly, others were using their laptops and nothing was said to them. \u00a0ipsento i was so excited to find you. \u00a0i'll take my business elsewhere.i went last night to get some work/applications done, enjoy a tea and catch debate highlights on my laptop. it is official: i love this place. it is super open, has a fun open vibe, food and alcho beverages are optional but many of the people were just like me, slowly sipping caffeine on their laptop. i ordered a jasmine green tea, which was brought out to me on a beautiful display! it seeped for 3 minutes and was delicious.the best part is that instead of walking back the way i got there, taking the bus or uber (i walk everywhere, unless it's more than a mile or two) i walked the 606 the entire way home! hence, ipsento 606 \u00a0it was awesome, well lit and felt very safe. it was 1.1 mile and went by in a flash.all the cafes in my hood (logan square, near the 606) close by 7, and ipsento is open until 11. hooray, i found my new go-to evening spot.my favorite coffee shop and bar in all of chicago. the atmosphere is perfect for a client meeting, hanging with friends, or going on a date. the drinks are all incredible and reasonably priced. the staff is informative and fun! what more could you want?during my trip to chicago this year i set out to try as many local coffee shops around as i could. ipsento 606 was introduced to me at the local wicker park farmers market. they had a classy cart serving delicious nitro coffee. i've become a fan of the new nitro coffee trend and truly enjoy the foamy, smooth and light variation of classic coffees. ipsento 606 hit it spot on with the coffee being very smooth and rich, where you could really tell the flavor of the coffee and how meticulously the bean was extracted. i decided to the go to the shop the next day to try out some more of the nitro coffee, i was not disappointed. after walking in, my eye caught the astounding baristas crafting away - almost like an art and their beautiful machines behind the counter. i would assume they have a special training method as i also got too witness a barista teaching (what looked like) a new employee the drip method. it was good to know that the baristas were immensely trained. back to the coffee, you could taste the richness and natural bitterness of the dark roast. there wasn't too much foam on top and the nitrogen infusion was done correctly. probably the best nitrogen coffee i've had to date.cute place to go for coffee or to get work done. most of the chairs are backless, though, and it does get pretty busy. the lighting toward the evening is more geared toward the bar feel so don't plan to stay late to do work unless you enjoy working with minimal light. the staff here are very kind, and i would definitely recommend checking this place out!so i'm old and remember a chicago where a small coffee and a tea didn't set you back $7.00. and if i want micro-donuts, i'll go to dunkin donuts where they're called munchkins at a price of 10 for $2.50 vs. the $1 per they'll cost a person at ipsento 606. i suppose that has old man written all over it.that said, ipsento's beautiful as it looks out onto the trail. the service was excellent and attentive. my simple black coffee was in fact delicious. and it was packed with the young go-getters on laptops doing the instafacesnaptweet who tend to populate such a spot, so they must be doing something right. not a table available, so we took our beverages and hung out in the park adjoining the 606. it's a glorious spot to be sure.there wasn't much here before the 606 turned this stretch of milwaukee into the hip hangout spot of the future, so i give ipsento much praise for taking a chance.the cardamom rose latte was smoother than a baby's bottom!! the music was soulful, the decor was on point, and in the summer they open the side windows to a nice grassy view of the 606. only change is i wish they had seats with backs instead of stools. my back's not what it used to be...this is a definitely a premiere stop on the 606 trail! whether you're starting off or getting ready for a walk, ipsento 606 is the great way to start or end your activities. the interior is very contemporary with minimalist designs, so it was very appealing for my style :)my girlfriend and i ordered a latte and a nitro coffee. the barista was very helpful in describing the flavor notes and questions i had with the nitro. the latte was pulled very well, but my favorite was the nitro! it was very eye-appealing with a small \"head\" and was delivered in a well-designed glass cup. it was very smooth with less acidity than a traditional brew with lingering chocolate notes.. if you're into describing coffee. in general, an excellent stop for coffee and i plan on returning multiple times when i'm in the area!ipsento has done it again! wow the new set up is completely different from its old one. the ipsento 606 is very modern, clean, and efficient. it has a nice, dark, work vibes feel to it. i can definitely see myself perched here for hours. and guess what, you can be because they are open until midnight! now that is amazing for a night owl like me. as always, i get the ...// ipsento - extra sassy - this honey coconut cayenne latte is out of this world. the extra sassy part means more cayenne.. because i... like... it... hot! one of the most delicious unique drinks in chicago.ample seating, great location, huge windows and friendly staff. doesn't get much better than this. can't wait till it cools down a bit and they can open up the windows on the side.pass this all the time on the 606 and it always seems busy. \u00a0actually decided to go in this past weekend for some hot chocolate and was of course tempted by the little donuts. \u00a0there was about a 10 minute wait for our drinks, they were good not too sweet a nice bitter hot chocolate. \u00a0the donuts were not worth it- kind of hard and dry. \u00a0the overall feel is pretentious- i feel like people go here to be seen over actually getting good work done. \u00a0there was no place to sit when we were there at 3pm on a sunday afternoon.this is the second location of ipsento (yay!) and within walking distance of their original location. \u00a0although the space is gorgeous it felt a little empty and lacked the warmth of the original ipsento in bucktown. \u00a0the staff of course was incredibly helpful and friendly which seems to be a requirement to be an ipsento employee. \u00a0i had my usual nutella latte and the drink was just as delicious as from the other location. \u00a0 this location also serves beer and wine in the evenings in addition to \u00a0mini donuts (which i didn't try but they did look adorable).best coffee shop in chicago. training of baristas is intense and important to their ability to deliver consistently amazing coffee. \u00a0here at least once a day since it opened and for years at the prior location - haven't ever been disappointed. super friendly and amazing environment - right on the 606. the original is also amazing but this is closer to home. try the ipsento (i get less spice) or the london fog for something different. \u00a0service is very fast because they have two awesome machines.two, two, two concepts in one! it's a cafe, its a bar. it has an upscale, spa like feel with lots of light and high ceilings by day and cozier, turn down by evening. i was bowled over by the expansive cocktail menu. hot chocolate with bourbon...this place suffers from an identity crisis. it's an amazing coffeeshop/bar to chill at, but then, once 6pm rolls around, it attempts to force a bar atmosphere on its patrons via obnoxiously loud music. i get that it's trying to fill multiple niches, but it isn't doing the best job of actually responding to what its consumers actually want. you look around after 6pm and people are still attempting to work, study, lounge on tech or with a friend...they are most assuredly not crowding the bar, drink in hand soaking up the bar scene. basically...before 6pm - 5 starsafter 6pm - 2 starsipsento 606 is a really great new coffee shop located right off the 606--with the open spaces, light, and green accents fitting to that location. i had a rich flavorful coffee, and was beyond pleased to discover they also carry a gluten free buckwheat scone (disclosure: made on shared equipment).everything from the location to the staff was warm and welcoming, and it was a lovely stop in during my wanderings. i definitely recommend!cute space, right off the 606. got the chai tea latte, which is always tasty. consistent coffee with the original location.music in here is a little loud and except for one booth by the window the chairs here are backless- but other than that the ambiance is perfect. their rose cardamom latte was on point and you can also get these amazing potato based donuts. good spot to work, lots of light and table space. definitely coming back!i love ipsento coffee. i always make sure to visit and sit down for a cup when visiting chicago. i recommend the place to all my friends that come to visit chicago. some of the best and unique coffee i've had so far.love the new location!! welcome to the neighborhood 606 ipsento! same amazing coffee a couple blocks closer to my condo. nice open layout next to the 606 trail and park. mini donuts were great to take next door and eat outside.they have beer on tap also though i haven't come in the evening yet.this ipsento has much more room and the notoriously long waits were better here too :)absolutely amazing. incredible unique blend of coffee, beer, and donuts! \u00a0i'm ready to spend an entire day here and try one of everything on the menu. to top it off, the staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable.two words: nutella latte. great flavor and great atmosphere.great location next to a 606 entryway and high-quality beer and coffee with delicious mini donuts.i'm obsessed with this place. i live in the burbs and track the daily traffic on the kennedy to see when it will only take me 33 min to get my ipsento fix. any time i'm in the city, i try to stop by here on my way home. i love the ipsento and the cardamom rose! they are the best coffee drinks i've ever had in chicago!!!! i also love the staff and the place itself. i'm always so jealous of the patrons i see working at the tables. i wish i lived closer so that i could be a true regular!love ipsento. \u00a0it's hands down the best coffee in the city. \u00a0this location is fantastic - super convenient next to the 606, and the interior is so modern and clean and much larger than the western location. \u00a0i haven't tried any of the food so can't speak to it but i'd be surprised if they did anything here that isn't amazing.whatever you do, don't waste your money on their tiny expensive donuts. \u00a0biggest rip off ever. \u00a0other than that, and ipsentos typically slow service (although not as slow as the western shop), i have no complaints. \u00a0it's a beautiful coffee shop, with good coffee, and great location if you want to hit the 606. \u00a0i like getting my coffee to go and sitting in the park next door.try the blueberry lemon smoothie! coffee, donuts and atmosphere are all very good as well. this will definitely be my new go to place for coffee in the neighborhood.awesome new spot down right off the leavitt/milwaukee exit from the 606. great extension of the original coffee shop. it's definitely a unique spot to grab a drink on a friday night. service was great, i wasn't feeling any alcohol so i just asked for a recommendation without it and the bartender suggested an awesome nitro coffee, comparable to the original nitro at the western coffee shop (i got it)my girlfriend was a little hungover so we just asked for something without caffeine or alcohol and the bartender nailed that suggestion too with a veggie drink that was amazing.awesome impromptu stop at this slightly hidden spot.p.s. try the mini donuts, they are delicious. their food menu in general isthe best coffee space in the whole city, by a long shot. one of the loveliest places to enjoy a coffee or drink, especially in the summer when their windows open up into the park next door. with a comprehensive drink menu in the evening and a delicious, thoughtful and well sourced coffee menu during the day, this place is essential. you need to go here. the whole staff is so friendly also - bonus!my favorite coffee shop. i come here all the time to work, read, and just chill out. the lattes are amazing. the pumpkin patch tastes just like pumpkin pie. they have a wide variety of options for coffee and tea lovers, as well as ways to customize. they also have beer, wine and cocktails. if you feel like having a drink it's a nice spot to hang out and not be in a bar setting. love when the weather is nice and the windows are all open! definitely recommend coming here.perfect macchiato, delicious little donuts and a delightful almond croissant (yes, i did! ). all packaged in a space with tall ceilings and filled with hip and beautiful students, consultants and artists who don't go into an office during the week. \u00a0and, helpful,friendly staff.great coffee, and a nice (albeit short) list of craft beers, but no a/c. i repeat: no a/c. in summer. it's literally cooler standing in the sun outside than inside ipsento. no fans circulating air. no reliable breeze passing through. just hot air. lots of it.never have i ever loved a latte more than i love the ipsento latte. i'm here pretty frequently and it's a great place to get some work done with a chill vibe. the staff here is so friendly as well. it's really everything that you want in a coffee shop. i live right off the 606 and it's the best detour one could make during a morning walk.this place is pretty dope. the interior alone is stunning, with dark wood furniture, marble countertops, bronzed high ceilings, and an open kitchen. coffee here is great! have yet to be let down. they take their coffee making business very seriously; their espresso setup is pretty sweet. the staff is very kind, helpful, and the drinks are on point. they also have two huge window that opens up on the side to a small park- a great touch, especially for summer nights. for the colder months, their seasonal drinks are great!if you want high quality coffee with a fantastic ambiance, look no further. the coffee is great, but the space is amazing. it's open, spacious and they have a huge window/opening that looks out onto a grassy area and the 606 trail. it's the perfect place to catch up with friends, and i love that it's so close to the trail. the people who work here really know their stuff, and i've had nothing but great service.both ipsento locations are excellent first and foremost. ipsento 606's location is excellent for ambiance and get together and caters to everyone. just steps away from the 606 trail makes it easy to take a break at ipsento or take your drink to go. open later is always a plus as well.great coffee. great beer/drink selection. expensive but worth t when ya need it. great proximity to park!! like really really close to a a really really great park with a great mural. can never manage to get a table and usually never get a seat. saw a wedding party here once and everyone looked wonderful.thanks to their no-drip-coffee-after-4pm policy, i couldn't but try an iced coffee, instead. this is the best iced coffee to me. i have enjoyed cold brew coffee, but accepted that fresh coffee aroma i love from pourover drip must be sacrificed in cold brew. however, ipsento's iced coffee was quite different. it was full of very fresh coffee aroma, but it also had a note of cold brew although i don't believe it is cold brew. i filled my tumbler with it on the way to the 606 trail, and refilled it and filled another tumbler on the way back home. i wish i could visit more often, but it is quite far from the north area. still thank them for opening this new location as it is still more convenient (in terms of parking and nearby traffic) to visit than their original store.+ i tasted my wife's iced mocha with almond milk. it was so-so. i don't recommend it.attentive gentlemen behind the bar, romantic, warm, and comfortable mood lighting, and wonderfully made coffeethank you for a beautiful eveningthe latte i received from this place was probably the best this side of the pond. i described the drink as smooth to my friends. the latte was too the brim and never spilled. my group was in awe of how full the cup was but never spilled. i enjoyed every sip and will be going back whenever i'm in the area.ipsento coffee is amazing & leaves the perfect spiced taste in your mouth- i also recently had a basil mint mocha which was a luxurious andes mint tasting special they had! downside: not a huge place so seating isn't always available- i have heard great things about their donuts but they don't make them at night & every time i have been in the am they aren't making them that day it seems :( hopefully i will be able to get them sooner than later !i'm a sucker for coffee shops and ipsento 606 sits at the top of the list. i love that design of the interior and how open and bright it is. it's a great place to work during the week. it can get loud/busy on the weekends, but i like working in that kind of environment. i love that it's right by the 606, easy to get to, and easy to find parking. i've had the iced coffee and iced chai, both are really good. they have these tiny mini donuts that are perfect for snacking on. for those of you that appreciate quality coffee, this is the spot for you. splurging a little goes a long way when it comes to coffee.ipsento 606 coffee isn't the best, it's nothing amazing but this location is awesome! it's right next to the 606 pathwalk, nothing like enjoying an ice brewed coffee while taking a walk.i'm not sure if i'm going to the same place as all these other reviews....i used to go to the western ave ipsento when i lived near it. now that i've moved, i walk to this one when on the 606. two of the times i have been in, they have lost my order. i stand there until i finally have to say something to get my order. it's been pretty disappointing. i am a huge fan of their coffee. but each time i've gone, the line has been frustratingly long (only one check out open but several people wandering around) and then to have lost orders - doesn't seem efficient to me.i don't mind waiting for good coffee, but maybe figure out a better system for orders rather than pieces of paper that fly off counters, only to be lost.the people are always friendly, for sure. wish there weren't so many strollers inside - hard to navigate to the counter and pick up area.will continue to go but will watch to be sure my order is on the move.it's really atmospheric european place. cozy and super \u00a0clean (sparkling clean). smells like coffee beans. the staff were courteous and accommodating ... i ordered ipsento latte and it was way too sweet for me (lots of honey), i asked to change it for regular latte, and they were okay to do that. very friendly! can't tell that coffee was really good, but i'll stop by for drinks next time.5 stars just for the service, even with a mishap. \u00a0atmosphere: \u00a0hella chill.drink: \u00a0ultimate comfort food, my fave is their milk steamers with unique flavored syrups added (good alternative when you've od'd on hot chocolate at katherine anne's but still want a cozy kind of drink). \u00a0this is no starbucks wannabe. \u00a0if you're not a steamer or coffee person they have great tea options too. \u00a0not sure about the location on california but the one on milwaukee has cocktails and such too.service:the last time i was at their other location i had gotten hooked on their jo snow cardamom rose syrup mixed into my milk steamer. \u00a0so effen good. \u00a0tonight when we walked into this location i couldn't remember the flavor's name, so i'm trying to explain to the nice barista i wanted a thing, but no idea what was in the thing, but the other place put that thing in my steamer and it was delicious. \u00a0yeah. \u00a0if it sounds stupid to you, it was definitely awkward for me. \u00a0but in about 2 seconds flat the first barista was like, \"oh the cardamom rose!\" \u00a0(4 for you glen coco!)a slight mixup meant i ended up with a latte at first instead of a steamer (complete with a pretty leaf in the foam). \u00a0the 2nd barista quickly and professionally resolved it, including refunding the difference in my change. \u00a0he even offered the oopsie latte to my husband which i think was a great way to show good will.i've had order mixups elsewhere (who hasn't?) and it's usually a cringe-worthy exchange where i feel like i need to talk to 15 people just to clarify what happened, sometimes with an accusatory manager in my face like i'm a scammer. \u00a0the staff at ipsento 606 made it smooth and after a long day, i really appreciated that friendly aspect. \u00a0i'll be back!love this place! quality coffee, yummy pastries and friendly staff. my first time in the barista recommended a drink for me... so good! i wish i could remember her name because she was so sweet and really took care of us. this is the perfect place to go if you're looking for a coffee shop with a chill vibe and cute atmosphere. i probably wouldn't recommend this place if you're in a rush or just plan on taking a little extra time for your coffee run, from all my experiences so far it's not an in and out kind of place... it does takes a little longer to get everything made for you but it's worth it. make sure you try their mini vegan donuts! they're adorable and so delicious!i've been to this ipsento a couple of times and it's such a great space. the shop is modern and inviting, and i love sitting at the counter in the back window and watching the dogs play in the park. the first time i came i tried the nitro iced coffee, which was really good. i didn't love it purely because i don't love nitro coffee, which i've learned now. but i still really enjoyed it. i recently came in early on a sunday (which was great, so empty) and had a cappuccino. it was delicious and well balanced. a note with the cappuccinos though--they have a couple of sizes, so i had to ask the differences. the small and medium have 2 shots, i went with the medium because i wanted a bigger drink. but the medium is definitely a bit more like a latte due to the fact that it has more milk. it's still great, but if you want a more traditional cappuccino, go with the small. i also had a croissant, which was really good, not the best ever, but really tasty. they have a pretty extensive menu so i hope to come back soon to try one of their specialty lattes.i literally love this place!!!!!!!! i discovered ipsento many years ago when it only had one location, and it gets better every time i go. you can tell that the owner really puts their heart and soul into this place. the coffee is amazing, outstanding, affordable, and grown sustainably! ive spoken with the owner, who has personally visited these coffee farms himself, hundreds and hundreds of miles away, to make sure the farming families have good living conditions. now that is dedication. you can taste the effort put into their drinks from the ground up, literally. the ambiance is great, as well as its location. i know their old location had sandwiches, which were to die for! i don't think the new location serves them though. i love going here for just about anything, whether it be to escape my home routine, to work, to relax, or to catch up with friends. the thing i love most about this place is that i know my money is going toward something good. its in good hands, and well worth supporting over some place like starbucks any day. please go! you'll thank me.they went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect. when you watch them make drinks here you can tell that they really care about what they are making. it's almost like watching an artist.the place is cool. chill vibe. and it's ipsento beans which i really love. i got a basil mint mocha it's so extremely faint so i taste mainly mocha.the donuts were really interesting though. tried the lemon one and another. both good. however don't expect the same exact texture of a regular donut. i understood it was sweet potato based so very different. love the lemoni really really like this place. the open windows, natural lightning, and trendy decor make this place one of the must visit coffee shops in chicago! my fianc\u00e9e and i were staying with a friend in wicker park and walked on the 606 to ipsento. the scenery is beautiful and the coffee hit the spot. the employees were also very nice and courteous. they also have this trash can that leads to a long tunnel underground which blew my mind (where does this trash go??).i look forward to visiting again in december!good place to pick up coffee before walking the 606. it's also fun to people watch since it seems to draw a great mix of people and dogs! i think if you're from the neighborhood it's a nice hangout.love their iced ipsento and guilt-free mini donuts! a store with nice modern interior and plenty of tables and seats. it just a lot of ppl would come so the seats won't be available during busy hours even though the store put out many. a small park is in front which can be your place to enjoy the sunlight with a nice cup of tea. i wish people are a little more friendly though :)there is also a nice trail i found on my last visit so i recommend you to walk after your visit to ipsento 606.as always, ipsento doesn't fail to impress. i loved the atmosphere of this place--it was spacious, clean and modern with a fair amount of seating and outlets for working. the coffee was very good, as to be expected, and i liked how the layout allowed you to watch the baristas make your drink. will definitely be back again!ipsento has amazing coffee, hands down. \u00a0this is a craft coffee shop during the day and a classy craft cocktail, alcohol bar at night. \u00a0the atmosphere is really classy and a great quiet date spot at night time. the transition from coffee shop to bar happens around 6pm and is pretty seamless. \u00a0the staff is very knowledgeable and dedicated to the coffee craft. the space is so unique being right off the 606. they have wide garage doors that open during the summer, making you feel like you're sitting right in a park off the 606. \u00a0completely recommend it!i can't think of a better treat than an ipsento latte. you just worked out? treat yo self to an ipsento latte! you had a bad day? treat yo self! you had a good day? treat yo self! you managed to walk/run/ride on the 606 without an accident? treat yo self!just like the other ipsento, except this one is in an instagram-worthy setting. so happy to finally have a cafe at the milwaukee/leavitt 606 entrance. the space is large, open, and airy. when they were working on the space, i thought maybe the side openings would be a walk up window for those of us with dogs, but alas, they are just 2 very large windows with bar height seating. staff was friendly and although not everything was yet available off the menu, they still made me a killer iced chai!i come here for the following reasons, in this order:- irish coffee - it's like drinking jeff bridges sleep tapes - the crafted interior - ambience. i'd read and drink so hard...- is that internet radio i hear? yes... and it better stay that way.then finish with a crafted cocktail - loved, not shaken (unless necessary).great space and is serving the classic ipsento coffee favorites (cardamom rose latte... the ipsento) from the original down the street, but this location is the new, cool, hip, older cousin, from out of town who has a australian accent comparatively speaking. sleek modern decor and a warm vibe offer enriched menus to include spirits and boozes, foods, and tiny doughnuts. overlooks the 606 at milwaukee and when it is nice, windows open in front of some primo laptop hacking spots.first off, i admit that i am a coffee snob. i start my day with a cup of my favorite costa rican coffee plantation coffee (peaberry, expresso, french roast) which ships directly to my house. i am very critical of coffee shops. this place was highly recommenced to me. i admit, i went there without high expectations. the place definitely has a cool and smart vibe. most walk in with either a large text book or a computer. i walked in with neither, just my low expectations. the room is large and cleanly decorated. the staff is friendly and working feverishly like bees. the basil mint coffee was recommended to me. what basil?? in my coffee!! okay, calm down, keep an open mind. i waited a few minutes after ordering, then took my coffee to go check out the 606 route which i have heard soo much about. i'm checking out the very cool fairly new pathway as i took my first sip. damn that's good!! the coffee used was pretty good, which i believe they roast in house. but what stood out to me was the milk used, besides the basil flavor. it tasted as if it came straight from the cow's utter. it was super creamy and rich. the basil and mint flavors made me feel as if i was eating a fine italian meal with very good coffee. the combined flavors worked beautifully.if you want to find a place that's offering the latest friend in nitro coffee this is a good place to go. even walking up to it you get excited seeing a beautiful mural on the wall next to a cute park. inside is clean and modern and there are stools to look out into the park it feels like a spacious place not in the city. the copy was delicious and toasty. try the nutella latte .. i got mine with have two pumps and it was perfect. the staff were all friendly and nice. this is definitely going to become my regular coffee place.this is by far my favorite place. although it isn't home tony favorite latte or cortado, it's coffee is amongst my favorite. the shop is exquisite, the baristas are pro's, the equipment is second to none, they even have a mod bar hanging around. the look and feel is beautiful, the location is right on. it's a coffee lovers candy store. if you're into coffee, you must come here. this is a must stop on the chicago coffee seen.would be five stars but where's the food menu?! they have such a wonderful one at their other location!! is more food coming for this location? everything else = wonderful! i just like to come and work all day, including get lunch. stinks when i can't orders anything except a mini donut or a tomato salad :(coffee house cocktails at night?! how cool. relaxing way for a night cap drink or coffee (average $3-10). friendly staff, industrial/open space, fun drinks. usually drink coffee black but ipsento latte was surprisingly satisfying/delicious.the actual shop does not really stand out and is attached to apartments so keep your eyes peeled.this place just turned 1 years old and is absolutely flourishing. \u00a0great people behind the bar, cozy and modern atmosphere, is really in love with the energy this bar is harvesting. \u00a0when the sponsor food, it's delicious. \u00a0when they make you a drink, it's phenomenal.what a great cafe! we tried some of the nitro coffees with liqueurs. amazing. especially the sardinian. finished with the \"corpse reviver #2\", which is only 6 bucks during happy hour 5-7. refreshing and packed full of citrus flavors, but def not too sweet. baristas were very friendly, laid back, and helpful.this is by far one the best chicago coffee shops. if you're a traveler and coffee lover, this is a must try.perfect coffee, small tasty pastry selection, and love the modern decor. fyi, they take their time making their superb coffeei love it here. the coffee is fantastic, the caneles will blow your kind and the atmosphere is great. however, they have got to work on their efficiencies for the ordering process. when it gets busy, the line will easily \u00a0stretch 25 people long through the entire store. even when there were only 5 people in line in front of me it took 10 minutes just to order. i understand and appreciate that this is not a starbucks, however it is frustrating for customers. strive for improvement in this area :)i fell in love with the original locations lattes and was so excited when they opened another off the 606. their nutella, ipsento, and chai lattes are probably the best i've ever had! location is perfect and there's a small park where you can sit outside afterwards on a nice day. their coffee itself is just okay. sometimes good, sometimes not. i think they change up the type the brew but i never see it posted anywhere. their lattes are a must, for coffee there's better places. have not gone their at night but i know this location stays open later as a bar.go now before bucktown babystrollers come rolling down the 606 ramp and form a queue up and down milwaukee. inevitability.surprisingly not that busy at the time of this writing during their soft launch. \u00a0not much they can do to improve (the sampled coffee-laced beer was delish), but it will get over-run, so my hope is that the original location i've been making pilgrimages to (from far north logan sq. - nice 4.5 mile round trip walk in the winter) will have some of its traffic offloaded to this new space. best coffee in the city. if you feel otherwise, you're wrong.had to try this place after reading all the reviews so it was good but as some of the other reviews say... over priced for a coffee, latte etc.this new location is beautiful, clean, and resembles many third wave coffee shops in san francisco / the bay area. i tried the nicaragua pour over which was a very balanced, clean cup and i throughly enjoyed it.tim was very knowledgable, helpful, and articulate when describing the various ipsento offerings. i wish i was staying in chicago longer! thanks ipsento and tim, i'll be sure to stop by the next time i am in town.the nutella latte was good, not too sweet which i prefer. but my favorite is the ipsento latte. all the ingredients come together perfectly and most importantly, it was not too sweet. i tried the chai latte as well but unfortunately it was too sweet for my taste. also, it was a nice place to set up and do work.love this spot! it's quiet and the quality is up there. the presentation of my tea was clean and professional. this place pays attention to the little things - the details that add to the experience of simply drinking a warm and sometimes caffeinated beverage.so this place has everything. \u00a0literally everything.clean comfortable atmosphere? \u00a0check.delicious coffee? \u00a0check.plentiful outlets? \u00a0check.tasty snacks? \u00a0check.good wine? \u00a0check.wifi? check.easy to get to? \u00a0check.big open windows to enjoy summer days? \u00a0check.cool cocktails? \u00a0check.beer? \u00a0check.friendly service? \u00a0check check.this is the only place in chicago where i can come during the day for an amazing latte and at night for drink with friends (or with a book if i'm alone) at the bar.very pretty cafe and setting, even if atmosphere reminds me of the band, the tragically hip. \u00a0 flavorful espresso and classic espresso drinks, and attention to detail with them. \u00a0but there's a lot of super-sized flavored latte catering to usa generation douche types who think a trip to california makes them worldly. a few folks there are more up-tight than their skinny jeans.this is what a neighborhood hangout should be. coffee to get going, snazzy cocktails to relax, and a chill atmosphere with friendly drink-makers. seating for around 15 at the bar and about the same at the tables. the coffees are every bit as good as the original ipsento location. too bad there's no food, but that's a small price to, well, not pay.i got the mini donuts and the ipsento latte. not usually a latte person, but this one impressed me! the mini donuts were pretty delicious as well. it's a little bit on the pricey end, but definitely worth it. i wish i got to try the nitro coffee too. it was super crowded and my friend and i couldn't find a seat at first, but people cleared out within five minutes or so. good service and excellent atmosphere and coffeeoftentimes crowded, but excellent for chatting with friends.on the first visit i have nominated this as my new favorite coffee stop in chicago. \u00a0i love the long hours, atmosphere, location, availability of booze, and delicious coffee drinks. \u00a0if they could make the original ipsento better, they did it!thought this was a coffee shop that was open late. \u00a0order an expensive coffee and sit down to work. apparently the coffee shop turns into bar mode after 7 and you can't have a laptop open. \u00a0i came here to work and no refund offered even though he literally just delivered my coffee. what a jokeit's about time i write a review for this place. i go here almost every day to work and get tea. my to go is the matcha latte with oat milk for the morning, and the molly weasly (this awesome chamomille/honey tea drink) for night. the book selection is really good and they have cute little nick nacks. they sell some pastries and the staff is super friendly. good wifi, comfy blue chairs in the corner, and great coffee and books. that's pretty much all you need to know.regardless of the sjw crap all over their windows, these owners purposely contribute to increasing homelessness!in addition to and in direct contradiction to the extremist signs on their windows, claiming that \"billions of women\" have \"no voice\" in america which is extremely obviously untrue, this business directly propagates, promotes, and participates in the disenfranchisement of a huge group that actually is oppressed... \u00a0 homeless people. \u00a0this sign claiming that all human beings are not human beings, and therefore are not allowed to even pee according to this business, causes huge problems to and discrimination against not only homeless people, but, in the case of any such business in many areas of chicago including wicket park, this also disenfranchises, dehumanizes, and heavily discriminates against, anyone who is from regular suburbs and in fact even anyone who lives in a slightly different area of chicago, such as say, downtown, since for them as well it is also impossible for them to go home just to pee. \u00a0this business has several other antagonistic signs up to hurt and harm people. \u00a0it is obvious that this business should not be patronized.i first heard about volumes from a friend, then another friend, then another friend, and knew i had to go. it's a great bookstore/cafe, which really enhances the study vibe i was hoping for. they also have a whole section of harry potter themed drinks - i had the molly weasley which is amazing. the barista was super nice and patient as i spent 10 min trying to figure out the ritual app (where you can pre-order items from different places around the city and get points) too.the space itself is also incredible. it's nice to be able to walk around and get inspired by all the books, plus the tables on the wall are high enough to do some standing work when you need to stretch. i will 100% be back! to try all of the other menu items as well as go to one of their many book-related/fun events!super cute and modern neighborhood cafe & bookstore offering gifts and children's items too! the children's section is very well curated and offers a thoughtful selection of high-quality and unique books for all ages. i bought a beautiful children's art-collage book inspired by the work of friedrich nietzsche, \"nietzsche in shapes and colors.\" the blank journal and magazine selections were also impressive. bright, tidy, warm and welcoming space.volumes has easily become one of my favorite chicago spots. they have both coffee and books - two of my favorite things. the bookstore is not huge, but they have always had the books that i want and if they don't, they will order whatever book you'd like for you to pick up. at night, they have weekly and monthly events, including book clubs. monday: weekly trivia @ 7:301st wednesday: open mic @ 72nd wednesday: storytelling series @ 7last wednesday: ladies' comedy night @ 7:30book club categories include book of the month, sci fi, feminist, and trans & gay and you can just show up for themthey also make good coffee - the oat milk honey latte that i had recently was to die for. there are usually tables and plugs available to work on your computer or read. highly recommend this spot!my bookstore/cafe in wicker park. love this place. staff is always friendly and helpful. cafe items are great! wish they had more sales or a discount program better than save 10 when you spend 100, but 10% off is better than nothing. and as a graphic novel guy, i wish their selection was a bit bigger, but still...very cool place in a great neighborhood.free wifi.came here to do some work on a weekday and was happy with my choice. cool bookstore to browse through with unique books and gifts available. the vanilla latte was delicious and the chocolate with peanuts muffin went well despite it being a bit dry. such a great find; definitely planning to returnraspberry mocha coffee drink with a ton of beautiful books around me. love this place and the service is so nice!volumes has a great atmosphere and because of it, it's an awesome place to sit and read (hence \"book cafe\"). nonetheless, it's a good choice to have some quiet time for a few hours.and now, the coffee. it's relatively cheap for an upscale-ish place. the serve metropolis coffee if that means anything to you. their special beverages and pastries are quality too. i enjoyed a chai latte. it was (how you say) aesthetically pleasing and tasted great. they also have a wide selection of books to choose from. i, myself am not much of a reader so i can't say much about the selection. however, i would come back for some of their open mics and other events!this is easy. volumes is a one of a kind experience in this city, and i don't just mean because of the book/cafe hybrid. it's because of their insistence on being a part of this community, and making sure that anyone who walks through the door feels like they belong there.the book selection isn't vast like a barnes & noble, but it is very intentional and specific. if the is a book you want, they will gladly order it for you. i will say, i love their poetry section, add the kids section is pretty dope too.the coffee drinks are mad inventive, always tasty, and often book themed. the molly weasley is a personal favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of the bronte sisters. oh! and they have boozy coffee drinks and alcoholic codes and beer if you want something stronger.they often have readings, performances, and workshops, and the team here makes it a point to find ways to give back to their community and chicagoans in general. plus, rebecca, the owner, is just a cool person.i highly recommend.love this coffee shop/book store/knick knack shop! wifi is great and there's plenty of large tables and outlets if you need to get some work done. plenty of unique and interesting curios for gifts. and best of all books, real physical pages of ink and paper!! there's an adorable back corner for children to read and relax. looks like they have lots of neat events all the time (yoga, book signings, education, etc). their drinks are reasonably priced, caffeinated and alcoholic, and the muffins are scrumptious, will definitely be making this a regular spot!i came through for wicker park fest and this place has arrived since i last visited the hood. \u00a0i wish i lived right by here because this is an awesome reading/studying space with a hydrid bookstore/caffeine infusion station. \u00a0it's not quite a traditional bookstore: the selections are more curated/limited but they have a lot of interesting contemporary selections (most that you don't see in other bookstores), not as many classics. \u00a0 \u00a0a good mix of new and used, plenty of things to browse.really love this spot! there is a great selection of current titles + some autographed copies! i snagged electric arches by eve l. ewing and was stoked. they also have coffee. (i didn't have any so i can't comment on it at all.) the owner was super nice. i plan on swinging by again next time i'm in chicago.great spot. super convenient on public transit by both buses and trains. the place seems to be divided into two. one area for the food and another for the books. great drink selection, i went there on a cold rainy day and the warm latte really hit the spot. as for the seating, there are a few tables set up in the cafe area, if you choose to read and eat and also a few in the store itself if you only wish to read. there was a good selection of outlets too so this is 100% a spot you can come work at. as for the books themselves, there is an excellent selection. you can choose from children's books to bestsellers. they also have puzzles and little toys to choose from. i really like that they have some pencils already laid out for writing. they also have 3 book clubs that meet usually on the second thursday of the month. you can just drop by whenever you want! the three are: book of the month, sci-fi/fantasy book of the month and feminist book of the month. i would suggest reading these books even if you can't make the event. (they have very good choices each month)my highlight however was that this place has $3 blind books and the money all goes to a charity. however you can only buy these with cash.legit giving this place 5 stars because of the matcha latte itself. there are so many cafes in wicker park i feel like volumes is somewhat underrated. volumes is 80% bookstore and 20% cafe. the cafe is just a little counter with a small selection of drinks but their matcha latte is the best matcha latte i have ever had. it's definitely more creamy and sweet but that's why i love it so much! the space is super cute as well. you can grab a book and sit there and read. there's even a children's nook just dedicated to younger consumers. they also have a lot of non-mainstream books supporting local authors or poets as well as unique greeting cards. i will always come here for their matcha latte!this is really a place where you can take some time out of your afternoon and have a cup of coffee. \u00a0the staff works fast on making your coffee and they let you do your own thing. \u00a0now, they have a pretty expansive book selection with categories that you wouldn't find at a lot of places. \u00a0i picked up the cocktail manifesto and having the cafe a few feet away to sit and read it at was great! \u00a0i only wish they offered a more expansive sweets section. \u00a0great neighborhood spot.one of my favorite places in wicker park. curl up and read a book. participate in the readnings from local authors, have a coffee or a red wine whichever you prefer. volumes has a great collection of books, especially their scifi section(my fav). they also reward you for your loyalty with a points system that helps you to save a few bucks. lastly, you can sell back gently used books for book credit!!friendly staff, great coffee (metropolis is the best), small bookstore, and open seating right off milwaukee ave in wicker park.such a cute little bookstore in wicker park! it's really well organized, perfect for people like me who walk into bookstores and feel overwhelmed by the sheer amount of literature in them. they have lots of options for drinks in their cafe section, they even have 3 tea lattes named after harry potter characters! i got myself the ginny (an iced matcha goodness) and sat myself at one of the tables with one of the books i picked out. it's a great place to catch up with friends or rest up after digging through so much vintage.i love spending time here. not only do they have good coffee, seats, and wifi for getting serious work done, they also have a delightful collection of books, cards, and general souvenirs for readers. having grown up buried beneath books at local bookstores (in a foreign country), this place feels strangely nostalgic and even a bit home.love this bookcafe. it's got plenty of table space for you millennials to work at. and coffee and drinks at a reasonable price. i love love loved the ginny, which was a matcha peppermint latte that was $4. never thought of matching up peppermint with matcha but it worked soooo well. it inspired me to buy my own peppermint tea bags to try to make it at home. they also have alcoholic lattes which i thought was unique.volumes has everything you want: an area for kids with many excellent picture books and a nice selection of ya lit, lots of great recommendations by staff, coffee, fun book nerd gear and a good mix of old and new literature.bookstore cafes are my favorite kind of cafes. it just makes sense. some people go to a cafe to read (especially if it's cold outside) and you want a nice cup of tea or coffee in a nice warm atmosphere. this is the place to go! plus, it already comes with the books.they have one of my favorite matcha lattes in the city! i rarely get a grainy powder matcha texture that quite a few places give me. before i found volumes, i was only limited to starbucks for a matcha that was not overwhelmingly bitter. i also love that they have readings and talks there, too. you are able to sit in the cafe during a talk, but you have to stay quiet. so don't be afraid to go in and have a look.we sought out volumes on a wicker park tour of bookstores. enjoyed reading and getting some new books for myself and kids.i'd give this place a 3 for food/coffee but a 4 for environment. i still haven't gotten accustomed to metropolis coffee- it's too sour for my taste. berry scone had a good filling but was too dry. wonderful place to study though, with lots of outlets and plenty of comfy seating (i came here because wormhole was full, and was not disappointed to find ample seating). will revisit when i need to get work done. the harry potter themed drinks were very creative, i will try those next time as well!went there yesterday and now volumes is my favorite coffee place! good service, fast internet and the best latte i've ever tried!thank youthis bookstore is truly a hidden gem! i first noticed this bookstore because they claimed to be a coffee shop as well. as a coffee addict and bookworm, i knew this cafe was calling my name. the interior design of this bookcase is so modern, clean, and organized. i would come here to study/read/work everyday if i lived in the area. they hold reading/speaking performances every so often. they also host authors at this bookstore, so i would definitely recommend stopping by to possibly run into an author ;)one of the most wonderful bookstores i've ever been at. with a vast selection of coffee to enjoy at the seating area, volumes book cafe provides a very comfortable vibe to do work or read at.bookshelves have short synopsis written by staffs, recommending intriguing and exciting staff picks. volume bookstores feels very welcoming and seems like a great place for any book lovers to hang out at.this an amazing place to have a coffee, meet up with friends to catch up, or just get some work done.their book selection is great, and it's fun talking about different books/ series with the owners. they have a great kids book area that makes it easy for your kiddos to have something to do while you're sipping or browsing. they have a full events calendar and have something fun to take part in any day of the week! check them out!first visit today and really liked it! it's really clean and aesthetically pleasing so i'm sure i'll be back to sit and read and relax. i loved the simple lay out and also really into the blind date with a book idea! i didn't have cash so i'll have to come back to buy one (it goes to charity so cash donation for that only).absolutely love this book cafe. very cute little book store that also serves you drinks. one of the best spot at wicker park. they also have benches in the book store section that let u sit while u flip through the books, magazines. they also have a section for kids. and even a clean bathroom. how good is that. why do we not have more book cafes like that ? i am used to growing up in book store as a kid and just wonder how kids these days don't have the opportunity to do that anymore with the technology and internet. oh by the way, the staff were super nice too! highly recommend their shop.i love volumes! this place is a book store with a cafe! i love a few doors down and this place is def my stop after work to get my \"i made it through another day of work latte.\" they have a rewards program applies to all purchase books/cafe etc. $1=$1 point after you spend $100 you get 10 back. it's the best when i get that $10 reward it's like 3 or 4 ice coffees. i don't generally buy books i'm not as avid of a reader as i would like to be. i have gotten some nice jigsaw puzzles from them, as well as, adult coloring books and good little gifts for the avid reader in your life. the staff is very friendly and a knowledgeable for book recommendations. i really love this place great spot to check out in wicker park.independent all the way!stopped in on a wednesday night to this great neighborhood bookstore. coffee, tea, wine, free wifi, books...i mean fabulous well-curated books (including a section of cool banned books), and lots of events/happenings.what i really love about volumes is the kids book section with a kid-friendly reading area. from little kids to middle school to teens, it's one of the best collections i've seen in a seemingly non-kid part of town geared towards hipsters.here's a rundown of the events they regularly host:- trivia night every monday- storytime for kids every wed/sat morning 10am- open mic night every 1st wednesday- all lady comedy showcase every last wednesday night (i was there during this night)- book club meet ups every monthcafe tables, bench seating, and comfy area for kiddos. great lighting, great vibe, in a really beautiful storefront. can't get enough bookstores in my life, so i wish this place the best. cool!i am not one to write bad reviews. i generally give people the benefit of a \"bad day\" or what have you, but this was a little much. the service was great, the shop was great, and i was very excited to read the book and write in the journal i purchased, until i opened the book. there are (what i can only assume to be) blood stains on the pages. i don't mind fingerprint smudges, i get people pick up and put down a book endlessly. this was not okay though. everything is still 100% legible and the stains are minimal, but there are multiple pages with the corners of edges with red or brown streaks and smudges.this place has quickly become my new favorite book store in chicago! great selections at super cheap prices! they have some used and overstock books super cheap in great condition and the newer works are well selected and reasonably priced. cute cafe attached with yummy drinks and down to earth attitude. as an avid reader and literary nerd, i am quickly becoming a regular.almost there at least once a week, this is my go-to cafe whenever i need a place to sit down and write. the coffee is great and is decently priced compared to coffee shops in wicker park which are more often than not over-priced. it's clean and casual atmosphere always manage to put me in my creative-zone and help me focus even though they have regular author events happening in the evening, and half of the space will be taken up for the events.i also enjoy browsing through their wide range of greatly curated book selections. they recommend and feature new books almost every week. there's really nothing to complain about this cafe except for their customer service. nothing too major but i'd always expect baristas to be a lil but more engaging and friendly given the welcoming nature of coffee shops.came in here with a friend on a monday afternoon. we were looking for a spot to have a beverage and chat. i got a soy latte - it was amazing! i was pleasantly surprised, great coffee here. my friend got a whiskey boozy drink which he enjoyed. they actually have vegan baked goodies which is a nice plus although i didn't get any this time (during my visit the selection included peanut butter cookie, banana nut muffin). i like the book store aspect - it was fun to browse through and i like the selection that is available. the cafe had a \"library\" feeling to it - it was strangely quiet, everyone else there was on a laptop with headphones. we were the only ones talking and i felt like i had to whisper. some of the patrons who came in to grab a to-go drink and browse the book selection were chatting while they were there. we ended up leaving to find a different place to sit down and have a conversation.i'd certainly return for the great coffee if i needed a quiet place to work in the area!well, as i mentioned in my check in, i am a big supporter of local community establishments such as volume bookstore cafe as i believe they bring character to a community, and, also bring the community together via their casual welcoming cafe environment.i was there last week and asked for a copy of sapiens, which they did not have in stock. i was told they would order it and it would be in on wed. i did not order or reserve it. i just went back (wed) and there it was, as promised. i could have gone home and sat on my duff, pushed a button on my ipad and had it shipped to my apt, probably at a lower cost, but, that doesn't make for great communities or employ our local community residents with living wages. i don't live in that hood, several miles away actually, but felt it important to support them.i was especially thrilled to hear that they were also a women owned business. \u00a0delightful people working there and delicious coffee. show them some love!i'm raving about this new addition to wicker park... a charming, independently-owned book store with its very own cafe. it's owned by two sisters with backgrounds in education. and it fulfills two of my biggest passions, caffeine and books! yesterday, i came here on a mission... to purchase a children's book for my neighbors, who are recent first-time parents. in the back of the store, there's a section devoted just to books for children. volumes has a super selection. there are even a couple of pint size tables where the little ones can read and do activities. after looking through dozens of books, found one i hope my neighbors will love as much as i do.this is a pretty large space for a local bookstore. the majority is devoted to grown-ups. the shelves are stocked with many current sellers, plus lots of vintage books i hadn't thought about for years. an avid reader, i could do some serious damage in this store!in addition to books, there's a cafe with baristas, and lots of seating where you can sip caffeine (or wine and craft beer) and work on your laptop. didn't look like there was much in the way of food except for pastries. and compared to a starbucks, which can get really noisy, volumes is almost serene. i'm looking forward to literary events as unique as they are.volumes bookcafe is another gem in the heart of work. they have a great selection of titles and their drink offers are spectacular! i recommend to anyone looking for a nice drink to relax, or a fun literary event to attend. great place for a social meetup or to study.great local bookstore/cafe in the heart of wicker park. they have a variety of fiction and nonfiction, as well as a section for children's books. they haven't always had a book i was looking for but the order process is very easy and i've gotten any order within a week. it's also a great spot to sit and do some work. the cafe has good coffee/latte drinks and free wifi. also it's super cute. what's not to like?volumes is an amazing place to find the books you didn't know you needed in your life! they have an extremely thoughtful selection of books and an awesome place to work and enjoy coffee in the front. i love coming here and finding new books! they have a great selection for kids! i found a few bi-lingual books for my baby sister that i am really excited about. the staff here is extremely kind as well! the \"staff picks\" section is something you need to check out. i had a lovely experience here and i love coming in when i am in chicago.was pleased with this bookshop cafe - i liked their book selections. some of their books are author-signed, and they have different activities scheduled. i could spend a whole afternoon here but was pressed for time so would definitely come back.i love the idea of a bookstore in a coffee shop, or a coffee shop in a bookstore...i love to explore coffee shops and have been waiting for this spot to open! finally came here with a girlfriend at 9a--i wish they did open earlier, as much work is needed to be done a little earlier.workers are super friendly and knowledgable with their inventory for the books! they are fairly new--wish they will have some food items..they have some pastries as of now!just had their coffee as i needed to get some caffeine in my veins--was really good! not your ordinary pike place (as an avid starbucks goer and my to-go-to)! they have beer and wine on the menu--how amazing is that--i will definitely be grabbing some sort of alcoholic beverage as a reward when finishing my work next time i come in!i really like the whole bookstore + cafe setup. not as crowded as the wormhole cafe next door and a slightly different vibe. plenty of power outlets to get work done. i don't drink coffee but their hot chocolate was pretty decent.love this place! tasty drinks, wonderful staff, and a great selection of books. can't wait to go back for their book club events!i stop in here whenever i'm in wicker park and it's a favorite stop of mine. the book selection is curated carefully and i've found many gems and authors i would have normally not known about. there are little recommendation notes all over (the mark of a well-read staff that enjoys helping indecisive people like me).the coffee and drinks are really good, the space is open, clean and bright. they do some really cool events here--bookclubs, open mics and such. i caught the preview of an opera showing here once which was awesome. my only complaint is that every time i'm in here i spend way more money then i intended to (on me, not them!) i have to say that i've grown into a voracious reader because of it and volumes is always worth it.the name says it all. nice morning cup of joe or an afternoon beer with a good read. up to date books with a nice selection. fun reviews from the staff on all different categories and guest appearances from authors. this isn't you're grandmas book store. clean, comfortable, and chill environment. check iti wanted to love this place so much, and join their book clubs, and support them...but... overpriced lousy drinks, awful parking, and rude staff will make my first visit yesterday my last.super cute place. the lighting and decor is very open. there are tables and outlets all along the wall making it a perfect study or work space. i came for a women's open mic night. it felt like a very open, safe space environment and really had a good laugh! solid cafe drinks.great independent bookstore/cafe!loved the bright, clean feel of the atmosphere. the seating was ample and variable (large desks, high-tops, small desks, kids reading/seating section. metropolis brews are offered here, in addition to alcohol, cider, (newly added) irish coffee, and \u00a0an assortment of baked goods. staff is cheery and welcoming. events:they have a book club that summons once a month. they have open mic nights every first wednesday. they have story time for kids. trivia night once a week. and many more.great bookstore, cafe, hangout, event spot. \u00a0i've been coming here a decent amount since they opened and have always enjoyed the place. \u00a0the book selection is on the smaller end but its more of a \"hand picked\" selection, so you're getting quality over quantity. \u00a0good selection of fiction and non fiction and an easy to follow layout.i've gone to a few events and have always enjoyed them (women's comedy was great). \u00a0the atmosphere is friendly and communal and i enjoy playing their collection of board games.the staff and helpful and friendly and the owner is highly engaged in the day to day activities. .calm, cool atmosphere to relax over coffee browse books, play games - an underrated escape from wicker park within wicker park.watch out wicker park, there's another adorable bookstore in town! it's a great combination of a coffee shop and a bookstore, basically a book worm's dream! although the selection isn't huge, they have most of the ny times bestsellers for you to peruse. they also host events here, such as readings and discussions with authors. it's a nice place to come browse some books while sipping on coffee. there is lots of seating and outlets for those who need to do serious business on their laptops. they have a nice seating area for kids as well. the mood is work-conducive, hip, and chill. love it!awesome place to hang out if you have hours to kill. there's a caf\u00e9 with friendly baristas in the bookstore and plenty of space for working on a laptop. there are newly released, old classics, used, and many more of all genre of books. i like the layout of the store because even though it included a caf\u00e9, seating area, book shelves, the bathroom, and people, it didn't feel crowded. the bookshelves on the sides had featured books that the employees recommend with a short written note that told what the book was about which added a personal touch to the shop.the decor in the women's restroom is adorable, go check it out ladies :dvisited here during the national poetry slam and i'll remember this as one of my favorite book stores i've ever been to. not only was the atmosphere beautiful, exceptionally clean, chic and comfortable, but the selection of books (and children's books especially!!) was top-notch. and that's not even mentioning the cafe. i didn't need any books while i was there, but they also had an awesome selection of literary-related odds and ends, from candles to bags to puzzles and more. i ended up buying my mother's birthday presents here, which she loved, and a gorgeous trendy notebook that i've been getting oodles of compliments on. but the cafe, you guys!! i got one of the yummiest lattes i've ever drank there (named after a bronte sister, and i commend any coffee shop that has the first menu item named after a female author!!) plus my friends got a yummy juice, and delicious cookies, served by a sweet and funny (and fashionable) staff. im just so happy with this place, when i'm back in chicago i'll swing back by for sure.this place is great for so many reasons. there's a great selection of books to choose from and they always seem to have something new. the coffee, tea, and other specialty drinks are perfect on a cold day. to top it all off, they have a variety of events to choose from. i love taking my tot to the story time events. oh! and this place is on the freevo app as well, so you can get free drinks when you buy other stuff.. win win!coffee's good and the book selection is excellent. it has a few chairs and comfortable seats and obviously every coffee shop hopper loves a great shop aesthetic. i'd like to make a note that it is woman owned and local. so the obvious answer is why not?have had nothing but a+ experiences here! most recently, i needed to buy a book being released by my favorite author, and they ordered it for me (no upfront cost to me) and it was delivered on the release date. i simply got an email it had arrived. perfect!i've also been to trivia here. i like that they branch out and do fun events for the community. the first time i popped in was to buy a birthday present for my niece. i sifted through all the children's section had to offer; for a small place, there was a surprisingly large collection!two comments that would definitely give volumes that fifth star:-the seating is cafe-like, which functionally makes sense. if you want to drink wine for days and read a book, likely won't be the most comfortable venue. would like to see some plush seating added. -when i went to shop for my niece, i had no clue what i was doing. the woman at checkout confirmed both books were stellar purchases for her age group. i think it could have added some charm if a salesperson had also made some recommendations while i was was shopping. great bookstore, cafe, bar even, social club...check it out!edit: been here a bunch more-- their trivia night is a blast, employees are always friendly, kinks ironed out. 5 stars it is! this place is wonderful. i am an avid reader (mostly fiction) and a snobby coffee-person who has worked in a few third wave coffeeshops. i have long dreamed of a place that combined these passions, where i could drink a latte and enjoy my latest literary find, and volumes hits the mark squarely. first off - the place is not huge. but there are a few choice comfy seats scattered throughout the shop, and about a third of the space is dedicated to the cafe and table and chair type seating. there is a precious and comfy reading nook in the children's section as well. but if you are looking for a huge bookstore with anything you might want already on hand, you won't find that here. but i believe that is a positive point for volumes. instead of all the books you kind of heard of and all the books you don't really want, their wonderfully curated selection of books includes new bestsellers no one had told you about, well loved classics, and plenty of books that were somehow exactly what you were looking for. they can always order what you need, as well, so take that, amazon! additionally, the space is well organized and designed, a joy to move through. their cafe is also lovely. they serve metropolis coffee here, which is not my favorite in the world, but quite good nonetheless, and local. i think it will take a little more time for their baristas to master the perfectly poured espresso drink, but everything i've had has tasted delicious, and that's what's important. their chai is spicy, their lattes are smooth, and their beer and wine and cider (!) selection is both larger than i expected (4-5 of each) and quite nice. i especially recommend trying one of the ciders. they are huge and potent and delicious. the staff here is still ironing out kinks, which is to be expected for a place that has been open just a month, but they seem to be well trained, and are very welcoming and friendly. the kind of staff that notice what you are reading and ask how you like it. the owners are also always around and very friendly and knowledgeable. overall i am in love with this place, which is a nice little literary haven that is open and friendly in a bustling neighborhood known for hipster condescension. i love wicker park, but this place has racketed up my appreciation for the area several notches. 4/5 just because they do have a few kinks to smooth, and because i am waiting to see how their plans for many events and community evenings (readings, games, and trivia, etc) pan out. but i am sure they will be wonderful and i'll be back soon to tick that rating up one more! welcome to the 'hood, volumes!really great place to sit down with a drink! you can come in with a friend or two, bring work, study, read--you can really do it all here! there are some high top tables along the wall, along with lower tables in the center. what i really liked about the seating is that there are smaller tables available, but also longer tables with benches set up as well! really a nice set-up; doesn't feel cramped at all. what i really liked about volumes bookcafe is that the area up front is designed like cafe and the middle-rear end of the establishment is designed more like a bookstore! it's a really great ambience and i enjoyed browsing their book selection and the staff picks!what a wonderful neighbourhood spot. the ambiance here is fantastic. they have board games up at the bar, so you can check some out and play games in the afternoon or come here to enjoy coffee and a read. also a great place to do work if you're looking for that kind of cafe! i would definitely come back!favorite coffee shop in chicago. friendly staff, cool events, nice drinks. love love love! lots of books and magazines and board gamesnice place to hang out with friends and play board games for hours!! love the vibes there.nice little independent book store ! bright and welcoming atmosphere. i appreciated the thoughtful arrangements of books . i like the little owl cards that offer a brief description/ review of some of the books and would like to see more of the employee reviews of books! maybe a list of favorites? just a thought! books are expensive and i always appreciate another readers opinion before committing to a $30.00 + purchase ! i will definitely be returning ! however, not for the coffee.. the americano , while priced competitively, was not very good at all and was a little on the bitter side. much better coffee just up the street.. worth it for the books though!cute cafe bookstore hybrid with good coffee and very interesting/personal book choices displayed (you'll see a lot of books displayed on the front shelves by black,queer, female authors which is very nice and cool!) there's always an event going on. closes pretty late so it's a great place for late night coffee/book shopping. an amazing addition to the neighborhood.what an amazing spot in wicker park! everyone support this local bookstore /venue!! great selection of books and a wonderful variety of events to check out at night as well.my favorite coffee shop and study area in wicker park! the place is set up in such a cozy and comfortable way that it makes it such an ideal place to study and get work done on a rainy or sunny day. i come here all the time to study!i just want to say that i adore this place. \u00a0the entire staff is so friendly and they make the customer feel right at home! i do wish there was a larger selection of children's books, but that can be overlooked because of all the other great things about it!i fell in love with this place on my first visit. the children's section has a place to sit and read as many books as you want. another great thing is that teachers receive a discount on all purchases.sleek, modern set up and would be a great spot to study or get work done. my favorite part was a shelf near the cash register featuring a couple of books wrapped in brown paper with small drawings and short descriptions of the book inside. they call this \"blind date with a book,\" where for a $3 donation you can select a random book and be surprised by your selection after purchasing it. i think that is such a unique way of discovering new authors and exploring new topics, and the money goes to support local schools, which is always a good cause. i definitely recommend stopping by here, browsing the shelves, and maybe treating yourself with a surprise book.locally owned, hip, comfortable, smart, clean, eclectic, no pressure, and not overpriced. destination worthy.for me, it's perfect. it isn't large, but it's well-done. they have some cafe drink, a few pastries, and plenty of books. they seem supportive of local authors, and provide a space and activities to encourage the writer. this is not a space for someone to sit for hours or spread out their homework, but it is a nice place to get a coffee and chat with friends. or pursue the new book selections. or get a start writing your own.4.5/5i love this place!!1) cute, nerdy, but fitting bathrooms2) child reading area3) variety of books for sale, both new and old. mostly ny best sellers but still a variety of books, there are some lounge chairs around the area that allows you to just kick back and read4) mini cafe inside, the drinks - eh, so so. nothing spectacular, but it gets the job done. price is reasonable.. typical $3.50-$5.50. i got myself an iced vanilla latte. it wasn't anything special, but i still enjoyed it while studying there5) about 20-25 seats available to study, read, and lounge at6) free wi-fi7) dope environment/atmosphere8) great location in wicker park9) plenty of outlets all around the study areai will definitely come back here!super cute place!! i was hoping for more cozy seats to read/lounge, but the cafe seating is more than fine. i love the book selection- mostly best sellers- and they will special order for you if they don't have what you're looking for. let's be real, it's not a barnes and noble that has a million different titles. small but cute gift selection as well. there's a rewards program in which you give your name and email and for every $100 spent you get a $10 credit.in regards to the cafe, i don't drink coffee so i got a chair latte. it was warm, not hot (but tasty nonetheless) from a barista with a chip off her shoulder, but that's whatever, she made a good drink in a timely fashion. \u00a0small baked goods selection but the brownie i had was delicioussss. overall, i will definitely be recommending to all of my book loving friends!cute boutique and coffee house, but too eclectic of a selection (and not many copies of each book- so each time will be a mystery on what can be found). staff picks are very contemporary, but not trade paperbacks easily accessible in other places. a lot of local chicago authors. i don't know how this place stays open...i. love. this. place. great for a quick cup of coffee or to sit and read for a while. it's a gem on milwaukee. for the size of the bookstore, they have a great selection of reads. i just go and browse for fun.it can be hard to rate a place that's just opened and they are still figuring things out. i'll keep going back and see if they have improved and update my rating. for now, i think 3 stars is right, especially when you compare what's just down the street from a coffee and book store perspective. i love the concept, i thought before they opened what kind of cool cozy environment it would be. but it's not. it's half a small book store, half a cramped coffee shop with packed seating. there is another half book store, half shop just down the street (toms) that does a much better job of using their space. if you want to buy a book and get comfy and read, you're going to have to take it somewhere else. i grabbed a vanilla latte and it was served in a plain black mug. again, maybe it's just an opening week thing but i hope they serve coffee in better mugs going forward! the latte was just ok, a little sweet for me. it does look like a decent selection of books and easy to navigate. i'd say go check it out and let them iron things out as they get going. welcome to the neighborhood!i used to love this cafe until i was served by a very rude employee at volumes bookcafe. i ordered an iced chai and i waited for 20 minutes until i had to go up to the counter to ask what happened to my drink. there weren't many people at the cafe and the lady who took my order previously was taking other people's orders and making their drinks. i kept my cool together and kindly asked the lady who took my order, \"i ordered an ice chai..i was wondering when it's going to come out?\" and she responded , \"oh....yeah haha...i...totally forgot about it....:)\". she didn't even apologize one bit and had smirk on her face which was very offensive. she made me feel less of a person. she was obviously rude and obnoxious that another employee had to apologize on behalf of her. the cafe is lovely but i don't think i'll come back here again. it was a very unpleasant experience. \u00a0it is honestly very unfortunate to see cafes lose customers because of rude employees.the combination of a bookstore and wine shop is essentially my version of heaven. the events here are phenomenal, the staff is incredibly helpful, and this place is definitely worth a visit.visited last weekend. great service and good coffee. they found the book i was looking for which was an added bonus. i look forward to coming back. they had a beer tasting in the back with solemn oath which was a nice surprise. i know this has been in business for a year but it's a great addition to the neighborhood.i love this place. they have a reward program for the regulars. although i am a lover of classics, this place has a fresh selection of the latest and greatest books. their coffee bar is amazing - great hot cocoa with marshmallow (very light and not so sweet). their sitting space is ample and inviting. also, their staff notes commenting on the book put a caring touch and a make a great difference. a must visit in the wicker park area!my new favorite study spot. i was originally planning to go to wormhole next door, but i didn't even have to go inside to see that the place was packed on a sunday afternoon. so, i wandered five steps north to volumes and was pleasantly surprised by the number of open tables. i didn't feel like getting anything caffeinated, so i opted for the matcha latte which honestly just tasted like hot milk, hence the four, not five stars. however, it's a good little spot for studying/working/catching up with friends, so i'll definitely be back for the ambiance.i really like this place, love that you can get coffee or wine and read at one of the tables. i do wish there was a slightly larger selection but that's ok.i love supporting local businesses so decided to stop in here to get a kids book for my nephews. selection is small, but that's ok. more fun shopping for books here than on amazon and i liked the book i chose. long story short, their credit card system was \"down\", so i had cash and paid that way after they swiped my card and said their system wasn't working. when i looked at my credit card statement and saw i was charged there as well, i called the shop, as paying almost $40 for a kids book isn't ideal. 5 days pass, no call from the shop so i call again. eventually i connect with kimberly the manager i guess and she makes it sound like it's way too hard to go through their records and offers a store credit. i said i prefer a refund, she says she will have to get back to me. 3 more weeks pass and i have called every few days with no resolution from the establishment. pretty frustrating and unprofessional, seeing that they didn't care to resolve the problem. i won't be recommending people here.i loved that this place doubles as a book store- lots of comfy chairs to sit and read as well as tables for doing work. the prices were also great (not too expensive) and the menu is pretty large, including alcohol!very comfortable place to work with stable wifi and great coffee. they serve metropolis coffee here and have lots of cute trinkets around the shop. i love the bookstore vibe combined with the coffee shop. i would say that the working tables are not large and i prefer huge working tables. the tables are a little wobbly as well so be careful of your drinks! they have lots of cool events planned during the week so it really feels like they're trying to be a community.overall, very clean, comfortable, and they have fun board games and free coloring which seems super fun!volumes is one of the few cafes i know that serve alcohol! get tipsy and enjoy a book :) this is a wonderful place to work or peruse some novels. it's bright, friendly, and relaxing place to be. the layout of the cafe allows you to find your own nook... and book to settle down.not sure how such a calm and productive coffee shop managed to open up in the heart of wicker park! fully equipped with a beautifully designed bookstore, plenty of seats and outlets, and a decent beer & wine list. there's also a little kids section tucked into the bookstore side of the cafe!beautiful bookstore. it is a really nice workplace with a lot of outlets. i had the matcha latte which was absolutely delicious. love the vibe and will be coming back!love this place. work just down the street and i go in for a cup of hot tea a few times a week. staff is friendly and accommodating. great selection of books.i love the concept and had a great experience here! the employees are nice, and my friend found a cool book of poems. the books are definitely more main stream, but i enjoy the vibe and the decorations are cute! i will definitely be back!this place is so cute! they have an awesome reading corner by the children section. finally a place in wicker park where you can wine and read. :)i love this place. \u00a0great selection of books (it's a small place so it doesn't have every book ever published....just a very nicely curated selection). \u00a0great kids section with nice seating. \u00a0perfectly nice cafe/seating area. \u00a0an array of coffee/tea/wine/beer beverages. \u00a0my only only only recommendation would be to have at least one vegan cake or snack option. \u00a0i wanted something to go with my coffee but \u00a0there were just a few pastries and no animal-free choice.i really wish there were more book cafes these days. this one is super cute and welcoming, with free wifi and clean bathrooms. if i lived in wicker park, i'd be here everyday, i think. the book section is a somewhat small, but that only adds to the warmth and coziness of the place. definitely worth checking out if you love books.a wonderful place in the heart of wicker park. my friends are i frequent different neighborhoods in the city and when we strolled in volumes, we loved it immediately! it's an uplifting place to browse for books and have some great coffee, including an ice frappe and some tasty treats. the place is bright and new, yet cozy enough to want to stay for a while. the staff is friendly and helpful.we really like volumes and when we come back to wicker park, we wouldn't miss going again. they must be very tuned into the neighborhood since they have so many events in their store. great idea and certainly builds a community within a community. in general, i felt along with my friends, that this is a place where you can feel the almost camaraderie of the customers. you feel wicker park in volumes.fantastic selection of books both indie and mainstream, great support of local writers and best of all? great drinks and pastries.it's a small shop and could certainly use more seating but they only have so much space. they work it well and employees are always kind and helpful.this is the place to get almond milk hot cocoa. trust me.this place could not be cooler. it's everything an independent bookstore should be: well-curated, with coffee and wine and a great staff, plus great readings and open mic nights.they have fantastic storytimes on wed and saturdays at 10a. i think it's the best new place for kids. their kiddie section has a super-comfy \"windowseat\" \u00a0covered with pillows to which the kids are always drawn. behind it is a tall wall with a window, that sort of separates this large section from the rest of the bookstore, so we like coming bc my squirly kids can be hidden from the \"adults.\" there are two kids tables for coloring, reading, etc. this week they have a castle sitting out for the kids to color while they're there, which has been a hit with my kids.a unique experience. upon walking inside wormhole coffee you'll be transported to a place filled with items from an 80s time capsule. there is a decent amount of seating but it's usually packed. bring headphones if you want to get any work done on your computer since the ambient music is louder than most coffee shops.beverages and service are slightly above average but let's be honest you're going out of your way to experience the atmosphere here not be blown away by the coffee beans.if you like craft coffee mixed with 80's nostalgia mixed with video game memorabilia then you have to pay a visit to the wormhole coffee. it was packed when i came in on saturday morning and the coffee is worth the wait. my friend ordered the koopa troopa drink, which is like a peanut butter cup in liquid form. i was kicking myself for not ordering that while i was waiting for my hand brewed coffee. but for coffee lovers, the rotating selection of brews is excellent here. the baristas know what they are doing, my coffee came out perfect. surprisingly it was a great temp where i could basically immediately have a sip once my brew was ready. the atmosphere is amazing. i love all the intricate details they have placed throughout from the stained glass nintendo to the delorean in the back. i wish i lived closer so i could come here more often, but it's def on my list as a must visit to take friends when they are in town.i love this place!! my only complaint is that it's difficult to find a place to sit. all you 80s babies will get real nostalgia vibes from this place - from the decor, music and even the coffee titles. the coffee is able to match the cool ambiance. my personal favorite is the peanut butter koopa-troopa.. smooth and creamy peanut buttery goodness. it is in a cute area and there are some awesome thrift stores near by that are worth checking out!this coffee shop is the mf bomb and i love it! i love the vibe here! not sure if it's because it reminds me of brady street coffee shops in mke or if it's because it has that cool hipster vibe bay view has but i dig it and i continuously find myself here whenever i'm in wicker park. they have a delicious latte called the koopa troopa that i highly recommend getting. i'll be back here for sure whenever i'm in the windy city. give this place a try!wormhole is definitely a trendy/hipster modern day spot where they bring back memorabilia from the 80s. they even have a model size back to the future car and a old school macintosh computer. they have alot of cool signature drinks on their menu. however - keeping with my standard - you have to try their hot black coffee or cold brew to determine if their coffee is on point. i opted for the cold brew since it was a hot summer day. i would have to say i am relatively disappointed. the cold brew fell really flat. no flavor whatsoever and way too much ice. dissapointing. cool coffee shop concept - need better coffee.edgy coffee shop! great music, knowledgeable baristas, and fast service! it has a lot of nostalgia in terms of 80's and 90's movie memorabilia! ghostbusters, gremlins, aliens and more! i got my iced soy chai latte: i was impressed! 5 stars! there is ample seating inside and plugs for all your devices to charge! there is also outdoor seating as well. this will be my office for the morning!this place has plenty of character, and at least a few unique options for coffee drinks. i had the 'cool but rude' and it delivered a pleasantly memorable coffee experience with strong hints of ginger and curry sauce. health concerns aside, the overall taste was better with whole milk versus skim milk.it's also worthy to note that the decor inside the place was fantastic for any vintage 1980's fan. from the delorean from back to the future to the original game boy to an original apple computer, there are plenty of bits of eye candy. overall, i'd certainly recommend trying this place at least once.easily one of my favorite spots to get work done. if you order a tea, they prepare it with loose leaf tea, and provide a free additional steep if you'd like. not a bad spot to hang out, but most of the people here seem to be getting work done. dimly lit so if you're not next to a lamp, i could see it being difficult to read if you're bringing a book here in the evening. employees are friendly as well.not your typical starbucks, this place is one of a kind.i love all their 80's movie theme decors/menu, it really made the place more hip. cute spot to chill.hi um the coffee here is great :) actually just had probably? the best latte of my life last night from here (honey bear). i love the vibe of this place. i'm a huge nerd and really appreciate all the star wars and pops i saw throughout the shop. such a cool little gem in chicago.this place brought me back to my childhood with nintendo's, movie posters of awesome 80s movies and just a funky vibe! it's the only coffee shop i've ever been to where you can just be you and you won't be judged by anyone! the staff are very friendly and kind and that's the main ingredient to a great coffee shop! it should be like you real home, not your second home.their coffee is...well, let's just say you won't be disappointed! brought to you from halfwit coffee roasters, so you know it's good stuff, but it's just made with a lot of nerdy coffee love and i guess that's what makes this place such a cozy hangout spot for the all time fans of the 80s or for those who just wanna go somewhere cool and just being themselves. i had a special latte called a shot in the dark (not sure if it's a reference to the movie) but it was might good!what a cool coffee shop! i love, love, love the decor! takes me back to my childhood. \u00a0want to take a picture with keanu reeves...head on over. also love that there is a couch seating area in the back with old video games. \u00a0totally creates a great ambience. what a gem in wicker park! close to blue line on milwaukee it is also quite convenient to get to.coffee and service is great as well. \u00a0will surely be back. \u00a0seems to be pretty crowded but surely it's for a good reason.cozy old school coffeehouse. the vanilla bean and peanut butter koopa troopa were both excellent. decandent and good enough for both satisfying my coffee and dessert urge. only wish they had more pastries available though.my so fell in love with wormhole's coffee. i tried their honey bear latte and i have to admit that it is one of the best tasting coffees that i had i \u00a0chicago. drinks:honey bear latte: a slightly hint of honey and latte. very nice and good under a rainy day. koopa troopa: peanut butter mousse mixed in as a latte. my so likes it but definitely not my fave. i like my peanut butter in solid form. ambience: very very cool ambience. a very 80s feels with a back to the future car in the back. furbies, pop figurines and cat paintings on the wall. definitely a sight to see. coffee bean: bought several types of coffee beans here. they ate roasted by half wit roaster and we gotta say it's pretty good (espresso wise). a local chicago roaster and we will be ordering more online!ps. they can do a little more work on their latte art. lol :)i'm not a coffee drinker, but i would go to any length to get my paws on a peanut butter latte: the kooper trooper. wh is a trendy, hipster modern day wormhole that transports you to the 80s/90s, and everything old that people love to resurface. like, an antique macintosh. i do not belong in any of these sentences, yet i was still welcomed with the smiles and aroma of some quality coffee. hop on over, even if you aren't a coffee drinker!spacious enough for personal space or group parties! nostalgia, anyone??pretty cute spot with video game and movie references, lounge area seating, and tasty drinks. most of my friends and i ordered the peanut butter koopa troopa lattes, while one ordered the honey bear and one ordered the cool but rude latte. i was hoping the koopa troopa would have more chocolate flavor (not too much of a pb fan) but it did not. nonetheless i still liked it and it wasn't overpowering. i tasted the cool but rude and would have liked that better i think. i would probably come back to this place if i'm in the area to check out their next specials and have a pastry!back to the future car, 80s music, old movie posters, first macintosh, floppy disks plus really yummy caffeine concoctions so what is there not to like?! order koopa troopa or vanilla bean and hangout and you're are set!fun 80's themed coffee shop in the heart of wicker park. \u00a0where else can you grab coffee and see a delorean (like the one from back to the future)? \u00a0they also have old nintendo games you can play to transport you back in time. \u00a0there are many tables and seating options throughout the shop and also outside. the drinks are pricey, but no pricier than a starbucks. the $5 cool but rude ginger & curry sauce latte i tried was delicious. both the ginger and curry flavors were subtle, but present. the honey bear has a fancy name, but it's a simple coffee drink that's delicious in a simple way. \u00a0there's paid street parking, but may be hard to come by. free on sundays.....| \\ \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0_ \u00a0, , , - - , , \u00a0_ \u00a0, \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0.../ \u00a0, ` . - ' ` ' \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 . _ \u00a0 \\ - \u00a0; \u00a0; \u00a0; \u00a0, _ \u00a0 \u00a0..| , \u00a0a \u00a0- \u00a0 ) \u00a0 ) _ \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 . ; . \u00a0( \u00a0 ` - ` - \u00a0' - ' \u00a0 ' \u00a0- - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \\ _ )if you are a sci fi movie fan from 1980/1990s, wormhole is a must-stop! \u00a0buy some half wit toast coffee while you are there. and did i mention....the best latte i have ever had. cool but rude latte with ginger and curry. outstanding. bottom line, they had me with alien facesucker on the millenium falcon. you rock, wormhole!came here on a sunday around 11am to meet a friend from out of town and instantly loved this place as soon as i walked in! the ambience is super cool and they have a variety of unique coffees. \u00a0they have lounging chairs, couches, and table/chair options. \u00a0they also have a cool spot in the back where you can play video games!the service was super good and the workers were friendly as well. \u00a0i had the honey latte and it was super good- i would definitely recommend it / get it again. the orange blueberry scone was also very very good. \u00a0the flavor was rice and it was a nice size. \u00a0i spent about $10.50 for these two items.they also do offer milk subs such as almond/soy.very cozy atmosphere with a hint of retro!there is street parking (free on sundays). \u00a0it did take me about 10 minutes to actually find a space and still had to park 2 blocks down - but not terrible! \u00a0i would definitely recommend this place and cant wait to come back! \u00a0i wish it was closer to my house.hi, my name is casey and i'm a caffeine addict. it doesn't matter where i go, i make sure to get my fix in. anyway, during my last trip to chi-town, i came across this awesome coffee shop. the chai latte that i ordered was delicious and i'm a sucker for latte art so they get bonus points just for that. definitely my favorite coffee shop in chicago not just for the drinks but for the atmosphere. if you're looking for a chill, hipster, 80's/90's vibe, this is the place for you. they've got a delorean on display, nintendo games on an old tubular tv and decor such as et, sesame street and lunchboxes.if i didn't have to pay for parking, i probably could spend the whole day there. i would definitely find myself back to this place the next time i'm in chicago.*** workspace ***it's a bit dimly litted and most of the seatings are for lounging. if you're the type to work sitting on table, your only options are a big communal table or a hanging bar table nailed to the wall. it's not my preferred work space (esp. because it's always bustling) but i come again and again for the delish coffee and to relax surrounded by geeky retro memorabilias.*** coffee ***phenomal and one of my favorite go-to cafe. it was love at first sip. all their drinks have personality (in both name and flavor). each drink is unique but in general all of them have a well-balanced spice notes.a coffee shop gem that is right around the corner from my new spot. lucky me!my go-to is their lavender mint latte with oat milk and activated charcoal. what's amazing is i don't even have to be boujie, (or however you spell it), they're already boujie themselves! #winthe inside is decked out with old school movie props (i'm never familiar with this sort of thing since i haven't seen nearly enough movies). they also offer a ton of free stickers with fun quotes. the only reason i give them 4 stars is because you can't come here when you're in a rush, like before work. sometimes that's a great thing but it's too bad because now i can only enjoy them on a weekend.nothing wrong with a nostalgia trip now and then (heck i dressed up my son in vintage ocean pacific for 80's day). \u00a0from the movie posters to doc brown's delorean, there are bits and bobs of fun pop kitsch all around to catch your eye and steer your conversation away from it's topic for a bit. my friend and i met up for caffeine and convo and loved pace of this coffee shop. great place to work, read or meet up. my honey latte was delicious and the croissant was perfectly buttery and flaky. there's table seating, communal work table and comfy couches. laid back friendly vibe. \u00a0can't wait for max headroom to start working the counter.wormhole is such a cozy coffee shop with a very friendly and attentive, great regular and iced coffee, and rotating specialty drinks.there are a number of different seating options, even a couch with video games. plenty of outlets, as well.good latte and chocolate chip croissant. neat decor inside with back to the future delorean inside. not sure if it's one from movie but definitely a delorean. nice indie coffeeshop vibes!!one of the best places for coffee in chicago. i got their vanilla latte last time i was there and it was delicious. i've also gotten their regular coffee and really enjoyed it. they have a good selection of sweet coffee drinks with solid black coffee as well. they have a small selection of baked goods but you can't go wrong with their croissants. the staff are super friendly and the staff is super attentive at keeping the space clean. the space itself is very cool. there's a lot of comfy seating and you could actually play their old 90's games. the controllers were a little old and didn't work quite right but it was still cool to see. if you're in the area definitely stop by or even if you're not in the area it's close to the l!what a great find! my boyfriend and i happened to walk by this coffee shop and i'm so glad he convinced me to check this place out. walking into the coffee shop, we immediately loved the 80's and 90's decor with the delorean from back to the future, the old school apple computer and floppy disks, and all the movie poster paraphernalia displayed everywhere. i ordered the cortado and my boyfriend ordered an iced mocha. our coffee came out extremely fast and i loved it! the cortado was strong (just the way i like it). my boyfriend also enjoyed his iced mocha. in addition, the staff are super friendly. i will definitely keep this place in mind the next time we're in town.i have come here a few times with a girlfriend of mine who lives in the area. the coffee is tasty- i love me some cold brew! their muffins are delicious, too!the place has a retro/hipster style and i enjoy the fact that the seating is set in a way that you sit next to strangers while you all are doing your own thing. and since i love meeting new people, it sets up that opportunity, too.the only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the service is kind of abrupt and not as friendly as it could be. otherwise, i enjoy hanging out here for a coffee&reading session.i adore the quirky feel & nerdy decor of this coffeeshop. there's a variety of seating from chairs to cozy couches. the lighting towards the rear of the shop is quite dim so just a heads up. the wi-fi is reliable & fast. outlets are kinda sparse depending on where you sit. coffee is always good. i haven't had a bad experience yet.this place has 80s character and good drinks to boot. i ordered their seasonal shot in the dark latte, with lavender, mint, and activated charcoal and wow!!! wasn't sure what to expect, but the flavor combos really work. we loved the 80s decor and broken-in couches- such a great place to hang out and play some cartridge video games (mario, tmnt, blades of steel, link), grab a spot at a table to work, or sit at their coffee bar close to the barista action.i had to go to wicker park for a event and was looking for a place to meet friends in the neighborhood.while browsing places on yelp came across this place with pretty good reviews and especially reviews from sarah and alex compelled me to try this place.the decor is unique and pretty youthful with old unused car on the attic ,macintosh and old telephone which gives pretty good vibe.service was pretty good and quick.i tried the honey bear latte and it was good and friends had cold lattes and they loved it.cons:free wifiunique ambiencepatioreasonable pricesunique tastecheck this place and you will like itthrowback thursday phoenix begins on a chicago wednesday with a song called blue monday....i am a believer! believer!! capital b. this wormhole works. it's about time i fire off these five stars given that i drank up another peanut butter koopa troopa (pbkt) yesterday, snapped a never-before-done photo (by me) with the \"my other car is a delorean\" bumper sticker,\" flew out to phoenix last night and today...driving along i-17 north and what am i coming up on...a delorean!? the delorean. \u00a0\"outatime\" \u00a0total replica, only 30-some in the world. not only that, dude exited same ramp as did i so we ended up in a walgreen's parking lot - having a chat. he loved it that i showed him my photo of the wormhole coffee. \u00a0so back to the future...long have i loved this house of coffee, from when i first set eyes on the delorean (among other retro stuff, especially the mac) and when i first set lips on this pbkt - a peanut butter mousse, dark chocolate latte. yeah. \u00a0so, indeed no, i have not had any other drink here - not even my regular black coffee. \u00a0how can i drink anything else when the pbkt is like drinking a decadent, rich peanut butter and chocolate souffle. \u00a0i liken it to a souffle because it's just so perfectly airy and rich. creamy and delicious, not at all overly-sweetened. and i'm not a latte or \"fru fru\" coffee drink person whatsoever. \u00a0i don't even mind that - when i'm sitting on that comfy couch - that i figure out how old i am. it clicks that i'm listening to remakes of what i listened to in college. by the way, nice job, \"orgy\" on not screwing up \"blue monday.\" and then, i remind myself that i like the '90s and beyond music too so i'm \u00a0not that old after all. phew. you're young. you're thin! get a pastry. they have donuts, assorted cookies and a chocolate candy bar maybe even...and one time, i know i got myself a macaron here. \u00a0i did!....  (december 2014 but i'd wager they still have 'em)if you need a sugar fix, a caffeine jolt, a pbkt kiss, a blast from the '80s past or a trip back to the future...this place has you covered. hey, all that and bumper stickers too. i swear it's how wound up standing behind the bumper of the delorean this fine afternoon.think a 80s and 90s throwback vintage coffee shop with a great menu and latte art, but high prices and slightly disappointing coffee drinks. this coffee shop in wicker park has been on my bucket list for quite some time now, and i am sad to say that it didn't quite measure up to my expectations.first off, my mocha drink was barely warm when i got it to drink at the shop. the latte art was fantastic, but i could barely taste the coffee or chocolate flavor. it just felt like a mediocre coffee drink from quick vendor, and not necessarily a dedicated coffee shop. parking is hard to come by, but possible. paid metered parking on milwaukee ave, and free street parking in the residential area behind the coffee shop.we loved the selection of lattes, but we weren't impressed with our orders. the vanilla latte had vanilla bean flecks in bottom of the cup (which is amazing in theory), but we honestly couldn't taste it. the cool but rude latte (with curry paste and ginger), was extremely sweet, though i loved the spices. the decor is quite a scene. i might bring friends in just to see the interesting wall art and back to the future car installation. not much seating.the wormhold is a neat little place, decked out in 80s decor. the coffee was good, which is the main reason you'd come to a coffeeshop. however, i was underwhelmed by the baked goods. for me, i love to pair my coffee in the morning with some form of a baked good, whether it be a donut or a muffin or something else. i tried a few items from here, and they were all only okay. the donut was interesting- very, very dense, and not like a donut at all. i tried a muffin as well, but i guess since everything is vegan, they taste different than i'm used to? certainly not bad, but not what i was expecting. i know most people love this place though, so i guess it just wasn't for me! coffee and service were both great, however.nostalgia is a funny, fuzzy thing. it's also a powerfully selling tool and this cuteass geek-chic coffee shop delivers 80s nostalgia in glorious spades. i mean, they have an actual delorean (the time machine from back to the future) inside. it's as if they're actually sending you through time. meta. it is worth noting that most of wormhole's patrons (and staff!) are likely born after the 80s. like i said, nostalgia is a funny thing. you can be nostalgic for a time when you didn't even exist. not that this applies to me. i'm old and definitely on this earth before the decade came to a close. anyway, my regular drink order is the \"cool but rude.\" it's a ginger + curry latte. sounds insanely weird but is actually subtle and delicious. i've also tried the peanut butter koopa-troopa. it's not bad but i don't love \u00a0peanut butter flavored things. it is a top drink choice for many though. the vanilla bean latte is also popular, but seems like such a plebeian pick. but hey, your choice. conclusion: a must visit if you're in chicago and into anything quirky, sci-fi, geek-chic, nostaglic, 80s...all of the above.the wormhole coffee brings you back to the '80s, with its great collection of tmnt, star wars, ghostbusters, and back to the future (yes, a replica of the car was situated on top of a makeshift divider) figurines, posters, and other paraphernalia. \u00a0in addition, they have locally-roasted coffee, vegan donuts, and hot/cold beverages, including ever-changing specialty beverages. \u00a0a group of us came here after having lunch in the area, and the place was noticeably super packed! \u00a0we ordered: the koopa-troopa (a peanut butter mousse and dark chocolate latte; more strong and bitter, with a slight hint of peanut butter; came with a nice latte art on top); holy water (with jasmine green tea, melon, and honey, iced; this was super refreshing, and while it was more melon-based, i really enjoyed it!); a regular glazed donut, a sprinkles donut, and a crumbled frosted donut. \u00a0the yeast donuts were large and airy, and tasted pretty good. \u00a0there is a hodge-podge of furniture - solo chairs and sofas where you can do some work, play catch-up, and/or to just relax. \u00a0imagine a friend's living room where you just hang out.the place isn't much for large groups, but maybe up to 3 people. \u00a0i loved the '80s decor, and i'd be interested in checking out their other specialty beverages that seem to change often!some residential parking can be found off of milwaukee.+holy water+vegan donuts+'80s decor+limited seating+limited parking off of milwaukeemy type of place! video game themed and cool spot to hang out. i like their cool but rude latte with nice ginger spice in it.an 80s coffee shop run by someone who used to run darwin's in cambridge? seriously that is awesome. the space is filled with 80s memorabilia including plastic and tin lunchboxes that i just wanted to take down and bring to work, discs next to a macintosh computer (pictured), and just a funky vibe. was in the neighborhood and decided to stop in, i definitely want to do work there soon to take me back to my baby years especially bc there must be more to see on the wall. oh and i ordered a soy chai tea with a croissant. yum!not enough seating for the amount of people coming in and out. chai was definitely made in-house, but had too much cinnamon for my liking. staff seemed friendly enough though, and the 80s decor is awesome. update: came in a few days later and tried the koopa troopa. the peanut butter balanced the strength of the coffee nicely. could've used more chocolate in mine, but will likely reorder this.love the coffee and the specialty coffee drinks if you're on the mood for something different and maybe a little sweet. i can honestly say that i'd come back for the decor as i had i'd come back for the coffee. it takes you straight back to childhood in the 80's! \u00a0super fun to sip your brew and check out memory lanethis is probably my favorite coffee shop. i love how they decorate the shop in the old fashioned way! i definitely enjoyed playing the mario game on nintendo. it brought back the memories i had in the past, i missed playing the game! i had a chai & my boyfriend had dopp something i forgot what it was called. it had peanut butter and dark chocolate in the coffee. he said the peanut butter shouldn't go in the coffee, but it was ok. however, i loved my chai! (not pictured)when i sober i like coffe there but i dont like place too much. staff its ok when i am drunk i love peaple who work there when i got hangover i hate them lol ... but coffee its amazingwhen i am high ... i realy recommend brown sugar... its amazinga 90's kid haven! what is there not to love about this place! nintendo and coffee, chill hipster vibes, delorean car display, awesome art, all in the heart of wicker park. yes please! an overall good spot with tasty treats and drinks! nuff said!loved the 80s nostalgia, the atmosphere was fun.coffee was okay. not my favorite. i had the troopa and i didn't like it, hubby had a vanilla latte and it was goodeasily top 3 best coffee shops in chi. i've given less than 10 five star ratings on yelp. coffee shops around the country should take note. this is what a game looks like:- creativity designed decor: homage to old school films like back to the future - probably the friendliest, happiest, and quirkiest team- the specialty lattes are actually balanced with the right flavor profile and balance without losing the essence of a latte. most places stick bunch of random ingredients together that sound good on paper but betray their coffee essence and taste horrid. see how it's done - get the honey bear or the curry latte.excellent coffee - i can't remember what they use. it's quality stuff. maybe a wee bit overpriced for chicago, but whatevs.i used to go here when i was unemployed (*sobs*) and during the day there was almost always table seating. my roommate said weekends are awful, though, so i don't bother. it's also a little dark inside for my liking.overall, great coffee and a decent workspace.had a cold brew yerba mate with ginger and lime drink that tasted nothing like mate, but was still okay. the music they were playing, however, was terrible and made me have visions about entering the gates of hell.very cool place. it has a back to the future feel to it. i had a lavender and mint latte and it was super good. the flavor was awesome. no need for any sugar which is rare for me. the pastry selection is very nice.cool spot with quick service and good coffee. definitely a good area to spend a day working or just relaxing. love the touch with using mugs for those dining in.great coffee, great ambiance. \u00a0loved the decoration and the service was great/super friendly. \u00a0and the novelty of the delorean is definitely worth the trip alone.i have to say, this place is spacious on the inside and gives a cosy atmosphere, and adding on top with the retro gaming vibe. i got the honey bear latte when i visited here; if your looking for a subtle sweet drink, i would recommend it. my friend and i were able to find seating on the couches in the afternoon and the service was quick!what a wicker spot. the coffee is warm, welcoming, and strong and the atmosphere is odd, unique, and 80s-90s themed. great place to sit down with your computer, book, etc. and get some work done.this place is unique to say the least, got the iced koopa troopa which only comes in the small size but it was good. best thing about this place is they let you bring donuts in from outside even though they sell their own there. pretty cool !one of my favorite coffee spots in chicago. love the music and the nostalgia 80s decor. i like to sit here and read or journal. when it's crowded on weekends, it can be a little hard to focus on work though, more of my go to leisure spot. the specialty drinks are on the sweet side, but experimental and i like the lavender charcoal latte when i need a break from the usual black coffee. from the han solo cardboard cut out, to the floppy disks, the details in this shop are just so on point. love it.so, i moved to the chicagoland area this past september and i haven't had a chance to write any reviews about the places i've visited here yet. but wormhole definitely deserves a shoutout. overall, this place is awesome. i absolutely love the vibe/theme of the cafe which is a nice throwback to the geeky side of the 90s with tons of decorations that really make you want to dig up your old comic books and action figures. my favorite decoration was the lifesize delorean on the back wall. they even have a cathode ray tv set up with classic nintendo games in the back and the music is fitted to the theme of the cafe which i thought was a very thoughtful touch. as for drinks, i definitely recommend the honey bear latte which comes with a seasonal honey or the koopa troopa which has a nice subtle touch of peanut butter and dark chocolate. but honestly all their drinks are great and they serve extremely smooth coffee drinks -- some of the best in the chicagoland for sure. unfortunately, this brings us to why i didn't give the place 5 full stars. \u00a0the place is a little bit small for how busy it gets mostly in terms of seating as there are a lot of people who come here to do work/read/chill. not really a fault of the place but the bigger issue is that the drinks are definitely on the pricier side. expect to pay about 4.50 for a small latte here. but one does have to keep in mind you are paying for a lovely drink and setting so that definitely makes up for it.this is a great spot for doing work or for hanging out with friends! i visited after work on a tuesday and it wasn't packed at all. i ordered the honey bear latte with honey (soy milk). it was absolutely delicious.i will definitely be coming back here and i recommend this spot to anyone who appreciates a nice \"hipster\" coffee shop. it's in a great location- right by all the shops and bookstores.one of my new favorites. thank you, man behind the counter with black hair and a beard - you steered me right with the cool but rude latte. holy smokes. and to think i was considering a simple vanilla bean latte! lol me. the cool but rude is perfection - don't get thrown off by the curry. it's spicy and sweet and got that hit of ginger that you didn't know you wanted. this was my first time in and it won't be my last. i love that everything here reminds me of my childhood and that there's plenty of couches for me to come chill on soon.best java and fun atmosphere! \u00a0the baristas creates yummy drinks! \u00a0wish they were in the suburbs.the koopa - troopa is a1. love the peanut butter + chocolate hint! their customer service is amazing and their workers are so friendly.i was walking around with my friends when my boy told me to try this place out. i was shocked. i never looked back. the moment i saw their menu, i damn near fainted. the creations were some things i've never seen before. the one that caught my eye was the coffee w/ in-house made curry sauce & ginger. this was one of the most unique coffee drinks i've ever had. from the first sip to the last, it just gets better. the best thing about it, the curry sauce & ginger is well pronounced and has a soft kick. these are one of the coffee drinks i'll never ever forget and something i'll keep craving. this is just way too perfect.this place has wonderful gourmet coffee but has a very chill and nerdy vibe that also doubles as a truly safe space if you happen to be of q***r identitymy favorite cafe by far in chicago. \u00a0great coffee and they make fantastic lattes with interesting and seasonal flavors. \u00a0my favorite year round is the honey bear latte which is delicious without being too sweet. \u00a0had the seasonal cider/beet/thyme drink which was delicious and he best cider i've ever had. \u00a0you could really taste each and every bit of each ingredient (except maybe the beet which was probably used for just the color). \u00a0tried a pastry as well which was great and not stale like many coffee shops. \u00a0will come here over starbucks any day. \u00a0great decor with nostalgic pieces throughout- limited seating and lots of people loitering around with laptops. \u00a0they have a punch card - buy 10 drinks and get one free!as a person who was born in the 80's and grew up in the 90's, \"wormhole\" reminded me of the good time during my childhood and adolescence. \u00a0we saw cartoon lunch boxes placed along the walls, \"lisa\" apple 2 computer found on the condiment table, and a random \"michaelangelo\" from teenage mutant ninja turtles leaned against the window by the front door. \u00a0no, that wasn't an exhaustive list of knickknacks i spotted. \u00a0the seating arrangements kind of took me back to my college years, with comfy sofas, large communal tables, and the clientele. \u00a0i felt there was something in common among most patrons who hanged out there. \u00a0the space was somewhat similar to a community lounge in a university dormitory, except there were too many activities going on at the same time. \u00a0i would get easily distracted if i were to try to finish my term paper. \u00a0fortunately, hubby and i came over for a quick coffee break after work; no tricky mla or apa format that i ought to pay attention to. \u00a0the hours are great, 7am to 11pm daily. \u00a0they serve \"halfwit coffee.\" \u00a0if you purchase a bag of coffee beans, you can get either a free 8oz. coffee or $2 off on anything else. \u00a0the cta damen blue line station is just a few blocks north of wh.awesome place to get coffee with friends! love how they have a nintendo. it took me back to the golden years of being younggotta love their koopa-troopa peanut butter mousse and dark chocolate latte! try it, you won't be disappointed!great place. they have the old school video games, my son loves. i come here to get some work done in the winter sometimes.when people come into town, i take them to wormhole b/c it makes me seem cool, with 80s & 90s pop-culture memorabilia all around the shop.wifi is consistent here, and during non-peak hours it's pretty easy to find a spot, though they're not the most comfortable seats.my one issue with wormhole is that on my last visit, i ordered a cortado to-go and the cashier said, \"we actually prefer to make cortados to stay, but we can do it to-go as well.\"\"ummm okay. i'll take it to-go then.....\"*silence*lol what??? what does wormhole gain from making cortados to stay? does the integrity of the drink decrease when placed in a paper cup versus ceramic? is it against coffee etiquette (i can't believe there's such a thing, in america nonetheless) to sip cortado from paper cups? maybe they keep a limited amount of mini-cups and they don't want to use them all nilly willy. who knows.anyway. yes, cortado to go please. thanks.i could not wait to write a review for these people. everyone was so sync with one another.andreas was very passionate about the shop. tory was so knowledgeable about her craft. i wish you all the best, i truly do.you guys have to check this place out. they have such an awesome theme , and even though it is dedicated too displaying different memorabilia , it still looks like a calm and casual coffee shop.the decorations support the coffee shop feel and are not one bit overbearing.i love this place. stopped by while waiting to be seated at a restaurant and needed some tea to warm me up while i waited outside. they had a pretty good selection of teas to pick from. it was a bit pricey than average but the taste was definitely worth it. i'll be returning to chill and read a book.known for their lattees, they are delicious and well spiced but pricey. the decor is a wonderful vintage nerd-town collection, bathrooms are clean and genderless, but usually very busy and not many tables for being productive, it's more of a social atmosphere.the decor and atmosphere are great. \u00a0a safe space for people of all orientations, genders and nerd levels to have an oat milk cappuccino. \u00a0the microfoam, coffee and tea were excellent.had the koopa troopa coffee and it was tasty! t had mocha and peanut butter in it. good for getting busy work done but music is a little to loud for studying. the place has a video game 90's vibe to it and all of the decor was unique. will definitely be back!place is very cool. love the retro throwback feel. drinks were pretty good too! i'd give it 5 stars but the two girls working there had an attitude and were not friendly at all. i mean if you aren't happy there don't work there lol. other than that great placerustic coffee shop with an old school vibe. providing locally roasted coffee that tastes simply amazing. strong and fresh. great for a social meet-up or studying with plenty of seating.the 80s. it's about trying too hard. trying too hard takes a lot of work. just like the 80s. explains why they don't have time to work on making the coffee good.how can you go wrong with a place that has a delorean inside? \u00a0you can't, people. \u00a0you can't.pb koopa-troopa is my go to, cause peanut butter and dark chocolate and espresso. \u00a0hot, iced, whatever. \u00a0it's 80's nostalgia name and an amazing flavor combo!chai and other fun summer tea creations are available too, and the honey bear latte is good for the non chocolate lovers.wormhole has all the details down, including their game controller punch cards and floppy disk wifi password display. \u00a0just the right amount of irony in a wicker park coffee shop.when i went to wormhole coffee it was as if i was transported to another time period by the decor that is inside of the cafe.i consider myself a coffee critic, i know a bad coffee from a good coffee quite easily, and i get picky if the title of the drink says it is \"cinnamon or nutmeg\" i then expect to taste that in my coffee.after taking in the neat decor of the cafe, i went to order and i got the honey bear latte to go and it still had cute heart on it, and it was sweet - but not overpowering. i know that i will be going back wormhole coffee, to try more of their menu items. it's a bit hidden on the block, but once you find it - you won't regret it.obnoxiously loud and terrible music playing most of the time making it impossible to read or work. employees are pretty chatty behind the counter too so no way to have any peace in here. the coffee is good, had the honey bear and the vanilla bean. yes this place is cool and quirky but it's not suitable to put down your laptop and get anything done.my absolute favorite coffeee !!!! i love this place, the coffee, the vintage, the unique atmosphere, the neighborhood! if i didnt live on the south side i would be here everyday! honestly the bestcame here on my biannual trip to chicago and fell in love. husband got a classic latte which he said was amazing & i got a seasonal rooibos peppermint tea which i also really liked. we visited midday during a monday and the place was completely packed-i can't even imagine what it's like on a weekend. we didn't try any of the food items, but they looked good, and several people had bowls of cereal with their drinks! overall we enjoyed the cafe and would recommend it to anyone looking outside of the normal coffee chains.cool place but i hate the coffee..they use ipsento beans which are acidic and gross. \u00a0i don't know how anyone can drink that and say they love itwormhole coffee is the quintessential hipster coffeehouse with an appropriate amount of grunginess. it has always been packed every time i come here, but there's usually some spot on some couch or chair, but i never expect to get a spot at the communal tables as easily. i've only had the koopa troopa (peanut butter & dark chocolate latte) because what else would i possibly want. overall, this is a great place to get some work done but maybe not if you really need to focus because it tends to get loud with all the music and voices.this place is super unique. every coffee i've had here has always been on point. seating can be tough sometimes but other than that this place rules.free street parking on sundays!! i came in specifically to try their koopa troopa, and was not disappointed. it was busy inside but the line wasn't very long at 4:15pm on a sunday. it took them less than 5 minutes to make my koopa troopa (peanut butter mousse & dark chocolate latte, 8oz/$4.50 + $0.50 soy milk, ), which was delicious! i could taste the peanut butter a lot more than the dark chocolate, but i really liked the richness and thick consistency of this latte. however, the soy flavor may have overpowered the dark chocolate flavor, so it may be more prominent with regular milk. i would definitely come back here to purchase some freshly roasted beans, try their pour overs, and of course, order more koopa troopas! they have a good amount of tables available inside, but it seemed like all the seats were taken by people studying or doing work. although the street parking was free, it can be difficult to find a spot since the street was very busy.the atmosphere is great however the redhead manager has a terrible attitude. next time you go ask her is they make cuban coffee....she will tell you that they don't do that here because our machines are very expensive and she doesn't want to put sugar in them. have you ever heard of cleaning your machines to satisfy customers!! i wish i had her name but she ruined the entire experience. even her staff was embarrassed with her crap hipster attitude......response to the below:this is exactly the point of my original review. it has nothing to do with the sugar, it's your condescending, rude attitude that made the the experience to your location awful. i prefer to review on my good experiences however your lack of customer service and blatant disrespect is what rattled me. thank you for your response because now everyone can see what i am referring to.super cool eighties-movies themed coffee place. i would definitely come back. the staff is funny and the warm chocolate is tasty.when i was visiting chicago, i made it a goal of mine to come here. it was even better in person. came here on labour day at around 9:40am, luckily it wasn't overly busy on that day. it was nice and quiet, a perfect place to work while enjoying coffee. service was wonderful and wasn't pretentious at all.my favourite part of the place was the details of the place from the nes to the floppy disk wifi display was incredible. the whole place was covered in 80's decor \u00a0and they even had a delorean- but this place wasn't all for show, their coffee is just as good! i ordered the cool...but rude latte and it was so flavourful and full of different spices.since it wasn't very busy i was able to play on their nes, they had quite a game collection. that part of the room felt very much like playing video games at someone's living room-ah the nostalgia and i'm not even born in the 80's haha.hung out at the wormhole on a saturday morning to drink some delicious coffee and catch up on reading my book. this coffee shop provided a cute 90s vibe - the gremlins poster on the wall sealed the deal. coffee was delicious and there was plenty of space to sit around and catch up on reading. recommend this spot for a down to earth vibe with some delicious coffee and plenty of chairs and comfy couches.we were in the neighborhood for dinner last night and were excited to check this place out after hearing about it from friends. it was busy but not excessively so. we didn't have an issue finding a place to sit. in fact, it seemed like seats were turning over regularly during the time we were there. maybe a function of a saturday night? customer service was great. the barista working the register was friendly and funny while taking our order and talking to us about the shop. it was a nice change from some of the barista drones i find at other coffee places. my husband ordered the macchiato. he said it was okay but not great. i had a vanilla bean latte, which was really good. there was a strong vanilla flavor that melded well with the espresso. and, in contrast to larger chain coffee shops, the vanilla wasn't cloying or sickeningly sweet. the decor is fun, especially for 80s kids (or people who have an interest in that era). my husband and i loved the old lunch boxes on display and reminiscing about the ones we and our siblings had. the delorean is impressive, of course, but i was more enamored of the smaller, nerdy touches -- video game character magnets made out of perler beads, stickers, etc. also, i found this sign (see photo) on the table near our seats and love the socially conscious way wormhole is doing business. we're glad to support them in this and will absolutely be back.love this coffee shop for its eclectic decor- my favorite is the back to the future car. i also spotted an astros vintage lunchbox which made my heart fill with pride especially after our world series victory (i was wearing my astros hat as well ;)) the staff is friendly. the coffee shop was packed sunday afternoon- so it's a local favorite. my soy vanilla latte was oh-kayyy- not as warm/hot i would like it to be. my friend loves their jasmine green tea.fun and hipster vibe going on in wormhole. vintage displays all around the shop! definitely not a place to work or study for me. great place to meet your friends. i don't drink coffee, but i decided to try their cappuccino. it was okay, but i loved the teddy graham on the side. so cute! some of the seats are kind of uncomfortable. but i definitely recommend this shop for people who are into both the 80's and coffee.i'm an 80's baby and this place hit me right in the feels. talk about cozy and nostaglic! the baristas were fun, friendly, and fantastical and their awesomeness can only be matched by the food and drinks. they even offer some vegan pastries! a++the coffee is warm, but the service is not. my \"hey how are you?\" was met with an anticipatory blank stare as if my friendliness only exacerbated his impatience. my friend got the same vibe. the coffee was good though. \u200dpretty cool coffee place! this place has an interesting mix of hipsters, coffee snobs, and 80s nostalgia. it looked like it would be a good place to sit and work for a while, or just hang out. i got the cappuccino, and while it was expensive, it tasted great. it also came with a teddy graham on a tiny spoon which is kind of adorable.amazing coffee, friendly staff, array of baked goods, and space. we ordered the peanut butter koopa troopa latte, honey bear latte, and the breakfast donut! both lattes were fantastic! the koopa troopa was creamy with deep notes from the peanuts with this roasted flavor. the honey bear was perfectly sweetened, creamy, and topped with a delicious and luxurious foam. the breakfast donut paired well with our lattes. the donut itself was dense with a sweet glaze topped with oats and cranberries. we really enjoyed the interior of the space with its open space, plentiful seating, and light shining from the windows. being there and enjoying the food and coffee just makes for a really good time!this place is a little hard to find, since the sign is just a wh on the outside. the service is fast and polite, and they have a great atmosphere inside. i ordered a jasmine tea and it came with a french press for more tea if i wanted. there is \u00a0a couple of spots to plug in and get work done on work tables and a couple couches to just hang out as well which i liked a lot. i came in at around 9:30 and the place was pretty empty, but by 11 it started filling up. in the back there's an old game console (n64) which you can play, and some games like scattegories and scrabble. definitely felt the \"hipster\" vibe here.one of my favorite places in the city to go grab a cup of coffee and clear my head. by far some of the friendliest staff i have ever met. great coffee, and not too expensive!for a while i thought that dollop in the loop served the best hot chocolate in town. but this place is better. the crowd is cool and there are quite a few power outlets. great place to hang out and get stuff done.does your coffee shop have a back to the future delorean inside of it ?80s toys and \u00a0movie posters ?a tv with a \u00a0nintendo playstation and games ?a funky random music playlist ? \u00a0delicious coffee including a ginger /curry coffee and honey bear latte ? friendly fun staff?i \u00a0i didn't think so !these are just some of the reasons why this is my my favorite little \u00a0neighborhood coffee shop. i basically get the same thing every time i come in here . cool but rude ,a ginger/curry latte . or the honey bear latte \u00a0,which is exactly what its sounds like ,honey latte .they also have delicious pastries and macaroons incuding a jameson caramel macaroon i had here once . seating is usually pretty good if you need to use the wifi. theres 3 long big tables ,couches and a diner style bar \u00a0table .although during busier times it gets jam packed and you wont find any. i only wish this place was on my way to the blue line before work .one of my best coffee shops in the city and thanks to imran shakur, one of my coffee crime partner and i hit this up a while back and the rest of history. \u00a0it is hard to come across a place like this everyday so i really get out of my way to go here whenever i am in the city. \u00a0you will enjoy coffee and non-coffee related drinks but i would recommend you steer clear from those since caffeine is where it's @.i have tried their cortado, hot chocolate, pour overs as well as cold brew and everything really is legit. \u00a0the people that work here take coffee seriously so do not take a lot of pics and disturb them while they are at work!such a badass spot all 80s themed! ordered the honey bear latte i believe it was called soooo good!! also grab some stickers they are free hahatalk about a blast to the past! this place serves up delicious coffee along with a satisfying serving of 80's nostalgia. while it may not stand out from the outside, it definitely fits in with the ambiance this place exudes, because as soon as you enter, you are transported to a cozy \u00a0laid-back cafe with amazing service and decor. when we went, it was a bit crowded and difficult to find seats with a table, yet we obtained a seat at the bar where we watched and conversed with the baristas about other great places in wicker park (was it obvious we were tourists?). we ordered a koopa troopa and honey bear latte (interesting names!), and they weren't overly sweet, which i enjoyed. the latte art they put is rather \"artistic\" also, which you should be sure to appreciate... haha.overall, this place is definitely a must see in the wicker park area and is very close to the damen blue-line stop. service is friendly and the vibe will make you want to stay and relax for a while. once you enter the wormhole, it will be hard to escape! :)such a cute place! i had my usual, a vanilla latte, and was not disappointed. the latte art was great and made me feel like a lot of care was put into the drink. i didn't try any pastries as i arrived a bit close to closing time, but i'm looking forward to trying some in the future. the atmosphere is great, very retro although i didn't get the full 80s vibe the shop boasts. the back to the future car in the back of the cafe is definitely awesome though!really cute hipsterish coffee shop. kinda has a nerdy theme with a dalorean sitting atop the wall.they have cute decorations like star wars mugs and an old apple macintosh pc here you fill up on sugar and created. the names of their drinks are pretty clever too. i believe i ordered a koopa troopa which had a pretty latte foam flower in my cup. lots of seating, free wifi. and it was pretty busy for a sunday afternoon. we sat at the bar where you can see the baristas making coffee and it looks like a science experiment when they use they're instruments. i also had a yummy blueberry lemon scone. nice and crumbly, and messy.great coffee, interesting selection. come here for the atmosphere: 80's pop culture. enjoy your tea with alf lunchboxes and a back to the future delorean above your head. sit on one of the couches in the back and play nintendo (the cool console from the late 80's). i chose super mario bros. 3.terrific atmosphere, superb customer service, delicious food.mocha puffs was delectable but cinnamon toast was mediocre. i seriously liked my visit here. i will likely visit again.wormhole always has very talented baristas, quality ingredients, a perfectly hip atmosphere, and unique drink options. last time i was there i had the cool but rude, a latte with ginger and curry and it was awesome! they somehow find ways of combining ingredients that no one else thinks of and create espresso masterpieces. two other musts are the koopa troopa (peanut butter latte) and honey bear (honey latte). in terms of food, they have some pastries, cereal, and easy to grab and go savory croissants. i was pretty impressed by the ham and cheese croissant - it really hit the spot for a small tie-me-over after work but before dinner. don't come here expecting a full meal or anything though, that's not their business.some of the other great perks include ample working space (there are always a few web designers and graphic artists working on their laptops here), free wifi, an awesome tv/nintendo/couch setup to play classic games to your hearts desire, and a friggin' delorean floating above everything. yeah that's right, they have a delorean. there are also great figurines, posters, a classic mac, and other pieces of geek history strewn around the cafe. there's also a well stocked shop for all your home coffee needs (chemex, pourovers, beans, etc.)wormhole is definitely part of the heart of what makes wicker park cool, and whether stopping by on my way downtown or even driving in from the suburbs just to come here, they've always delivered consistently great coffee and a great experience.best coffee place so far!!!i have been trying the bazillion (roughly) coffee shops in chicago, and this one is amazing. \u00a0went in and first thing i saw was the ninja turtle greeting you at the front door. \u00a0then i looked up, and saw hans solo and the delorean. \u00a0what a unique twist already right?then came time to order a drink. \u00a0while some were your classic coffeehouse drinks, some were unique, in the best way possible. \u00a0the prices are great, and are very reasonable all things considered. \u00a0the service was great. friendly, quick, and extremely pleasant and not cold and bitter like a lot of places like this in the area. this place is small looking, but deep once you enter. and in the hour i was there, never slowed down. \u00a0with the quick service however, it was never an issue having to wait for seating.a great spot to work from when you're on the run but also a great place to hang out. they have vintage seating with video games set up for a group. i worked all morning from wormhole and had the honey bear latte multiple times. if you're deciding between the starbucks and wormhole, the vibe is very worth the extra walk down milwaukee.i got the kuppa troopa special and i loved it!! also who doesn't love a spot that has a delorean in it!with the \"stranger things\" series craze on netflix, this was the perfect time to travel back in time through wormhole coffee! the cafe theme here is extremely hipster and geeky/techy - it's unlike anywhere else i have ever been. since i didn't grow up in the 80's, i can't say that i used to watch/play all of these things growing up, but it sure felt like i could travel back in time and play video games through their old tv and nintendo console. all of their furniture is eclectic, different, and mismatched. their sugar and milk station is set up like an old office desk complete with the original apple monitor and have plenty of puzzles and board games. the seats were completely full on a saturday afternoon, but we were able to snag seats on the couch by the tv. although this place is clearly for doing work or studying, i could also see how it's perfect for friends to lounge and play games too! you can get the best of both worlds here.i was contemplating between the peanut koopa troopa or the honey bear latte. when i tried to ask the barista about the sweetness of the drink, and whether it was too rich (since i don't like my drinks extremely sweet), she seemed annoyed that i didn't understand that those are the sweetest options. i decided to get the honey bear latte less sweet and of course it was too dull for me. i was able to adjust at the milk station. i wish the barista was more thorough in her description of each drink.my boyfriend opted for a kemex, which was freshly brewed and presented in a kemex beaker and additional mug. i liked how the coffee was extremely fresh! it takes a little bit longer, but it's worth the wait.adorable atmosphere, and some of the most creative coffees i've ever had! got the shot in the dark--lavender and mint latte with activated charcoal--and it was 100. my friend got the koopa troopa--peanut butter mousse and chocolate latte--and it was also 100. and there are lots of free stickers. i'm obsessed with this place.my airbnb host recommended this to me and i am a huge fan! really good coffee and a perfect place to just sit and work. loved it.i love this place. one of my favorite places in chicago and on earth.they've got a delorean, how else could it be better than this?super fun space to relax. i feel like i'm in a time warp, sitting in someone's living room enjoying a coffee. really like the vibe in here and the \"artifacts\" add to the experience. \u00a0so glad i stopped by while traveling through chicago and wicker park.this place is so interesting. it's an eclectic mix of ghostbusters, e.t., teenage mutant ninja turtles, old macs, nintendo...i mean. it was almost like stepping back in time! well, stepping back in time to a really fun, friendly coffee shop with super creative drinks and really friendly staff.after perusing the menu, i opted for the \"cool but not rude\" - a ginger and curry powder latte. the curry powder was not at all overpowering and actually paired really well with the ginger. it almost tasted like a chai, but slightly more savory in a really good way!there's lots of seating all around and free wi-fi (for which you get the login info off of floppy disks!!). i only spent an hour here, but wish i had more time because i think i could really hang out and do work here!best coffee i've ever had, so much delicious foam and always beautifully served even in the to go cups! the koopatroopa is my absolute favorite and my boyfriend loves the honeybear. the place has a really cool vibe and watching the baristas make the crazy concoctions is entertaining in itself!one of my favorite place in chicago. the first coffe shop to must go. the delorean of back to the future also you can play old video games. coffee extraordinary. black tea great toothis is a nostalgic person's paradise and it'll take you back in time to when you had big hair, bad fashion sense and all the best entertainment that has ever existed...hence, the wormhole. \u00a0let's go back in time together to enjoy the simple pleasures of yester-year when life wasn't so difficult. \u00a0walking into this fantastic little coffee shop sort of did make the worries of my day wash away because of how encompassing all the familiar games and doo-dad's were. \u00a0it took a couple of minutes for me to keep my eyes from wandering off to all corners of the coffee shop so that i could focus on what i wanted to order from their awesome menu.i say the menu is awesome because it was - they offered all the usual things such as coffee, lattes, cold brew coffee and so on and so forth, but what really caught my eye was the the board filled with specialty drinks. \u00a0come to mama! \u00a0i love my specialty drinks and although i was contemplating the idea of ordering one for here and one to go, i simply settled on the koopa-troopa latte (aka peanut butter latte). \u00a0i've been desperately awaiting the time that my travels brought me to this neck of the wood so that i could get my hands on one of these lattes, and finally it was mine! \u00a0it was utterly delightful! \u00a0i have never tasted any one thing just like this - the wormhole definitely gets 5 stars for uniqueness. \u00a0i'd come into the wormhole expecting to get this drink, but i was almost swayed by the other drinks on the board. \u00a0in spirit of the 80's theme, let me just say \"i'll be back\" (cue arnold schwarzenegger voice). \u00a0i am going to get my hands on some more of those drinks - they just looked and sounded too good to not be drunk. \u00a0what is even more superb is that they have a punch card for those frequent flyers who do plan on coming back for more! \u00a0it works just the same as any other punch card where you buy 10 drinks and get the 11th one for free. \u00a0yes, you'll have to spend about $50 on drinks (oh my gosh, that's a lot when you put it that way) to get to that point, but it'll be easy sippin'...especially if you can play some pacman while doing so. \u00a0yes, seriously...they have old-school games to play while slurping coffee. \u00a0i didn't take advantage of this when i was here, but i will. \u00a0oh, yes i will. \u00a0i almost forgot to the mention that they have yummy baked goods that i didn't try, but again...\"i'll be back\" to try those too.by the way, there is a lot of seating in the wormhole and there are plenty of outlets as well. \u00a0it's the perfect place to do work with a break for some fun in between. \u00a0the seating is extremely comfortable and like me, it might just make you a teeny tiny bit unmotivated to go back to work. \u00a0the only thing that maybe would have had my butt moving was the fact that i couldn't listen to one more queen song. \u00a0no disrespect to queen or the other 80's music, but i can only take that in small doses. \u00a0the wormhole, though...well i will take that in a couple large doses. \u00a0please and thank you.the honey bear latte was great! but i guess i wasn't white enough to have a proper answer for milk options. lolthis coffee shop is super unique! i came here after a meeting i had in wicker and decided to try out one of their specialty lattes - something with activated charcoal and oat milk! the prices were pretty reasonable and the latte was pretty good, too. this place is super busy all the time from the looks of it but does have a lot of different areas for people to work in - get there early!great, little coffeehouse with gritty, 80s character. so nice to sit down for a properly-sized cortado in a shop not adorned with industrial metal and fake decorative grasses. recommended.if you are a woman of a certain age, or just straight up cool, you will want to spend some time here, either admiring the delorean and gizmo's portrait, or relaxing with a perfect iced tea.luckily, on my visit to wicker park, i did both that humid august day. wish more coffee shops \u00a0had as much character (love the nostalgia factor for all us children of the 80's. makes me want to re-watch my transformers and jem episodes. admit you want to, too).it's a great place to chill out or bring ur books and laptops. flavored coffee is little bit too sweet. maybe it's just my own taste. i like my coffee sugar free. but still it's a great place to visit and will come again!coolest place in chicago! great seasonal/speciality drinks, great meeting friends/working place. fits in hip ol wicker park and lives up to its cool punk ambianceit was a slow sunday morning and i needed a caffeine boost. i am glad i came here on sunday before i decided to venture out to the suburbs. i stepped inside and it quickly reminded me of my childhood. ah the memories of growing up in the 90s. anyway, i got the koopa troopa and i was in another universe. this coffee shop is so awesome and i will definitely come back to try the honey bear latte.this is one of my favorite local coffee shop. on our off day from work, my husband and i enjoyed for a good cup of coffee, it's 15 minutes drive from our house and we are not hesitate for the drive. it's because of the goodness from koopa-troopa and vanilla bean, just made our heart content. i mean who say no to the good coffee, let alone the atmosphere is friendly and retro style decor style not to mention the staff are nice too. the music background really gives you the hype to start your day with a good energy. i would bring all my visitors to come here at least once.i love the vibe in here. the decor is so retro and perfect. i just wish there was a little more variety for food. i could have used a sandwich when i visited at 5 pm. but other than that, it was really great, and i'll be back for sure.this coffee is fantastic. \u00a0you will taste the difference with the very first sip. \u00a0it is so delicious you don't even need to dress it up with heavy creams or lots of syrup. the decor and vibe are one-of-a-kind, but the coffee is the thing that will bring you back.awesome 80s themed cafe! friendly staff! unique lattes, i got the cool but rude latte (ginger and curry)i felt so at peace with inner 90's kid at this nerdtastic independent little coffee shop in wicker park. seriously, come inside and check out the delorean on display as well as all the other pop culture fare from 80s and 90s past scattered throughout. i stayed here for hours on my laptop on one of their comfy couches, and had the chance to try their iced chai tea latte and some coffee. service is awesome, i was greeted right away! there are plenty of outlets throughout the store as well so you can come and stay for awhile. and the music, oh the music! i didn't even have to put my headphones on because they were playing the entire frank ocean channel orange album as well as some other soulful stuff during my visit. the restrooms are also all gender friendly which is soooo 2017 and progressive af. i think i've definitely found my new favorite coffee spot in my new city as i'm an anti-basic becky starbucks girl and ain't sorry about it.pretty interesting place! it's an 80s themed coffee place. ample seating but is usually crowded. drinks are good, recommend the honey bear iced. good place to get work done.love this place!great coffee, superb lattes, and the bakedgoodies are delish! \u00a0clean and inviting a place where a coffee (or tea!) lover feelswelcome to work or chat with friends.have since moved their delorean from the front to the back of the place...yes, the real deal! \u00a0love the vibe here. \u00a0check it out...weekends here can be crazy, but that tells you something, doesn't it?!peanut butter + chocolate was a match made in heaven and the koopa troopa is the officiator. love this place, super retro vibes w the delorean and all. the crowds and the caffeine kinda put me into sensory overload, so not a great study space, but yah you do you boo boo.awesome decor. there are many authentic retro posters that are beat to see and the delorian is worth seeing. coffee was good but personally not my taste. and the pastries or the one i had was not good. if your going though to work on your computer and chill it's the perfect spotsuper cute, super hipster. everything about this place is perfect. the service is great, the employees are very sweet and the coffee/beverages are amazing. i had the chai and i definitely recommend it. this area is also very cute and i advise walking along this street, it has a lot of shops and places to eat as well.there are four non-chain spots for coffee in the heart of wicker park on milwaukee avenue. bru is just too expensive and a little too snotty. filter is hatefully run by hipster assholes. and while intelligensia is cool, they're a little too far off the beaten path for this silly comparison.but wormhole gets it right, treats you right, and provides hands down the best sit-in experience of the three... and that's without factoring in all the cool retro design features of the cafe itself (from the delorean overlooking the cafe, to the theme of the menu, to the 80's/90's trinkets scattered around the cafe). as you'd expect at a good and popular place, seating can be limited and it may take a bit of time to get your drink during busy hours. but if you can sit down, it's a great place to hang out or work on some stuff.i'm sure you can find 30 places that serve better quality coffee if you really wanted to. but if you just want a decent espresso drink or cup of coffee, and a decent place to chill out for a bit, wormhole is the no-doubt place to go in wicker park.hands down one of my favorite places to grab a cup of coffee in chicago. \u00a0if you are an 80's kid and love movies you need to make it a point to stop in. the first thing i noticed was the delorean affixed to a raised platform in the back of the cafe! \u00a0huge huge huuuuuge fan of back to the future so naturally i thought this was awesome. \u00a0the place is covered in nostalgia. \u00a0from movie posters, to ninja turtles and star wars toys, to good ol plastic and tin lunchboxes! \u00a0the wormhole will take you on a trip down memory lane. \u00a0speaking of trips, your tastebuds are in for one too! \u00a0the coffee is awesome. \u00a0always hot (or cold if you choose) and made fresh to order. \u00a0my go to is the cool but rude: a latte with ginger and curry. \u00a0i have been know \u00a0to buy two of these they are so flippin good!!! \u00a0i've had others but this is my go to, i don't think ive ordered anything since ive had this . . .the pastries are great as well. \u00a0homemade pop tarts are a must try. \u00a0there is ample seating but be sure to get there early as it does fill up quickly. \u00a0oh and to top it off, they have a nes and games on an old school tv!!! i mean come on . . . if i didn't have to adult on a daily basis id probably come her for breakfast and just lounge on the couch and spend the day playing nintendo. \u00a0i will always make it a point to stop in to wormhole when im in chi town . . . . you should too!!!i came here to see the delorean and the 80s decor. \u00a0also i was looking forward to trying the vanilla bean latte. \u00a0both were great. latte was perfect and the shop itself is awesome. \u00a0only issue i had was with the pricing $5 for the latte is a bit pricey, however it's worth it for the experience!great music. great coffee. great service. great interior with game/anime theme. great retro 80's/90's vibes. great selection of oldschool nintendo games. but all this (usually) comes with a long queue - both for coffee and bathroom!tip: the wifi info is on the floppy disk - how hip is that.i tried the peanut butter and chocolate (i think?) coffee and it was too weird for me. it honestly did not taste good. however, that was my first time there and i'd be happy to update my review when i get a chance to go back. it's a funky 80s themed place and i would definitely meet there with a friend or to study, but my tastebuds are pushing me to give this a 3-star today.wormhole is just...awesome. if you loved the 80s and 90s, you're in explicit heaven. you'll find everything from an apple 2e that sometimes has the wifi password on the side, to a delorean from back to the future, to legend of zelda/mario themed drinks, to yoda, thundercats, alf, ghostbusters, tmnt, and even the light up finger et. b! beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. you can tell what i remember the most of my childhood.they have some unique takes on coffees with honey and pb and all sorts of things like that, which i think most people would coincidentally enjoy. our group tried and shared a bunch of drinks and were extremely satisfied with the result.then we have the only problem - this place is too popular for their own good. it's impossible to find seating, the lines are out the door, and good luck getting to the bathroom. however, that doesn't mean the place isn't awesome - it is.1462 n milwaukee ave (wicker park) when i visited : 2.27.17what i got: koopa troopa latte (12oz)[slip space rupture detetected] hello future! yes the coffee passport is missing in action like luke skywalker in star wars vii, and the political scene may seem to be the darkest time line now. however, after an already awful week bled into a working weekend, i found myself scheduled to work late shift at work. thus i warped in wicker park on late into a monday morning and finally went to wormhole, and wound up writing. the cafe itself lends a generous nod to late 80s/early 90s pop culture. an iconic \u00a0metal delorean body rests above its back wall and various artwork adorns the walls of a similar themes. various potted plants (mostly desert type) are found spread throughout the cafe, breathe further life and calm into the patrons passing through wormhole. the lighting inside manages to balance a calming, dimming nature as the more long staying patrons may retreat further into wormhole. this darker progression blends well with the natural light which indirectly cast through the large front windows facing southeast toward toward milwaukee ave. seating options offer up the usual low bar window seats, tables and chairs, and a select few comfy couches and chairs in the back.  as for the drinks themselves, wormhole offers bean based beverages from halfwit roasters. their geeky/alternative aesthetic continues to provide inspiration behind their specialty lattes. i ordered up the koopa troopa which was touted as a dark chocolate latte with a \u00a0peanut butter mousse. these flavor notes came through, and with them they also brought undertones of toffee and specculous for strong sweet taste that satisfied but managed not to overpower for fizzle out as many hyper sweet frappuccino style drinks tend to do these days. beyond flavor alone, the latte was well made with an admirably accessible temperature and partially blended foam on top that showcased the advertised mousse up top but also allowed it to bleed through over time and contribute a pleasant nuttiness to the rest of the drink below. \u00a0with so many good coffee offerings in this neighborhood, it's hard to honestly attempt to give them all a fair shot. despite this and my distance to the spot (being in roger's park) \u00a0wormhole is certainly worth initiating your hyper drive for and making the trip out. overall rating : 9/10the best for a reason! had the cold brew. delicious on a hot summer day and the atmosphere is solid and the decorations, priceless. great stickers and everything on the menu looked great! only negative is the super crowded venue where everyone is staring at their computers.the wormhole manages to be that rare spot that is good for both studying quietly and chatting with friends. \u00a0also, there's a delorean. \u00a0and a ninja turtle. \u00a0and a lot of vintage toys, lunchboxes, mugs, and other nostalgia-inducing nerd objects and art displayed in a surprisingly tasteful manner. \u00a0my favorite are the italian star wars posters. \u00a0moving on from the decor, seating options are mainly small couches, chairs, stools, and shared tables. \u00a0everywhere i've sat has been comfortable, though we're usually trying to cram an extra person or two into a smallish space since it's a popular spot. \u00a0there's a decent selection of tea here, and the staff know how to steep it properly, green at a lower temperature. \u00a0you'll get a cup of tea and if it's resteepable, you'll get a steeper cup of the leaves to bring back up for refills. \u00a0my friends seem happy with the coffee. bathrooms are gender-neutral single-seaters. \u00a0there are no changing tables. \u00a0 i'm knocking a point off for not having more allergy-friendly snacks, but generally i love this place.stopped in on new years day, and i'm sure they were one of the few independent coffee shops open in the area during the day, but their service was particularly slow. even with three baristas bouncing between taking orders and making drinks, they still seemed to spend more time chatting than getting orders out from the counter...that being said the cappuccino i ordered was great. nice and smooth. price was right and the atmosphere is fun, 80's arcade game style. i'd come back if i was in the area.excellent coffee with some unique specials that defy the imagination. \u00a0cool atmosphere. \u00a0outdoor seating. \u00a0clean bathrooms.i stopped by here one night and enjoyed a nice small chai latte. the vibe of the coffee shop was \u00a0pretty hip and there were lots of cool retro details. there was plenty of space to accommodate for those who were looking for more of a sit-down space to get some work done; however, i opted for a cup to-go. the chai latte was nicely made and i even got to see a nice design on it even though the size i got was pretty small. the latte itself wasn't overly sweet, which i enjoyed greatly. the nice, hot drink was just what i needed on a cold winter night. i will be back in the future to try the other drinks on the menu!dream come true. this place is magical. for the fan of 1980's & coffee this is your haven. the delorean is the closest i'll get to having a real one and just being surrounded by people and items that represent how much i love these films makes me happy. my dog is named marty after mcfly and my favorite band is mcfly. this place is meant to be. fantastic muffins. perfect lattes. large cafe. cute bar stool seating and other comfy seating throughout. wish i lived down the street. i would be here every day .first time here. their business card is a picture of a nintendo remote control. cute. drinking an americano coffee (their strongest) with a chocolate chip pastry (delicious). yummy combo.get the vanilla latte. it's the most popular and it's the best. i love doing freelance work here or meeting up with friends. good vibes. cool people. great place to get some work done.this place has the best locally roasted coffee, the nicest baristas, and the best place to sit and relax or do work in. the koopa troopa is always my favorite and consistently tasty and the decor does not disappoint. the delorean on the far wall is so awesome.this place is pretty cool! they have the back to the future delorean in the back of the cafe. how awesome is that???? and lots of other back to the future nick nacks, like bumper stickers that have movie lines. \"you are my density\" is one of my favs.the weekends get very busy, so if you want to get a good spot, go early or wait.my friend and i both ordered tea, and what's great is that if you get it for \"here\", they'll have it in this great tea strainer. and after you're done with your first cup, you can get a refill of hot water for a second strain. more for your money! i always love getting more for your money ;)need quick transport to the 80's!the aptly named wormhole does the trick--not so subliminal d\u00e9cor drives the decade to you. \u00a0the delorean raised near the ceiling is remarkable.had a latte which was very good.for those who are intrigued with the artistry of the barista (how dare you!?!), get the cocoa--the rich brown is a perfect contrast with the creamy top to create quite an aesthetic. \u00a0 i had a sip of the drink, rich with cocoa, but it's more sweet than i'd prefer for myself. \u00a0the recipient felt it was good, not great.adorable 90s themed cafe. i'm so glad i stopped by during my weekend in chicago. i loved every bit of it. they had a working nintendo game console from the 90s! it was awesome! lots of toys, books, decor, etc. from the 90s. nostalgia at its finest. wish we had one of these back in california.there is plenty of seating. it's a great place to study or chat with friends. their menu is pretty unique. i got the crucial taunt (earl grey, lemon, cayenne) and it was definitely interesting. it was a balance between: mmm-this-is-surprisingly-good and this-is...-interesting. i probably wouldn't get it again, but it was worth trying. by the way, they sell aeropresses here. i got one for my boyfriend for christmas last year and he loves it. i recommend getting one for any coffee lovers.this place was recommended by a good friend who is from the area and their recommendation was on point. i came on thursday afternoon and it was super chill finding a place to sit. also the setting is great with the variety of nerd things you will see from the calvin and hobbes canvas to the stain glass classic nintendo remote. also the drink menu was fitting for the theme as well. i got a vanilla latte and it was legit. it a calming place to be in as well as the customer services with the baristas. no complaints, i would recommend coming to this coffee shop for studying, hanging out, or just to get me time.were i a local this would definitely be my go-to coffee joint. should be no surprise there since i asked someone that worked in one of my favorite shops in the neighborhood what the best coffee shop was in the area and without hesitation he suggested the wormhole. great strong iced coffee at a decent price. good music but not too loud, colorful staff and clientele and a mishmash of vintage decor to furnish the place. plenty of outlets to charge up your various electronic devices whether doing so at a desk or sinking into a big ol' comfy couch. bathrooms were pleasantly clean as well. all of the things i look for in a good cafe were present and accounted for.this is a great place to do some work or studying. there are plenty of outlets and the noise level is definitely manageable. their drinks are good and very reasonably priced. the staff is super friendly, and the atmosphere is definitely chill with their interesting decor. there are different seating arraignments so you can either lay back with a book on the couches, grab a bar seat and work alone, or sit at a table and duke it out with group members.cool little spot with pretty solid coffee. the delorean caught my eye from the street so i knew i had to stop in. really cozy feel inside, never felt cramped. service was really great and prompt. beats many of the shops in the surrounding area.really liked the nerdy decor of this coffeeshop and how you can bring a laptop to spend the afternoon there chilling. the space is a bit limited on the weekend thoughthe coffee is good, we got the \"cool but rude\" one with a bit of a curry aftertastethe coffee is fantastic. my cousin who i've come here with says it's a bit overrated, but he's a barista and coffee snob. i honestly don't care too much as long as it isn't full of sugar or burnt. the effort they put into the coffee is evident and you won't be dissappointed.the business itself is great. the staff is of course hip and a bit quirky, but they are still very friendly and don't come off as snobbish. there are a lot of nerdy fancy coffee places popping up trying to cash in on the tech-startup fueled craze. this is place is one of them, but it doesn't seem too forced. the atmosphere is just different. there are plenty of people in there writing their third novel on their macbook, but there also several dressed down locals obviously just chilling before starting their days. drop by if you are in the area and then maybe grab a selfie with the delorean. you will have fun.okay so i'm going to gush a little - their decor is geek inspired with lots of pop culture memorabilia from the 80s and 90s. there's an old tv set with a nes and a delorean towards the back. i love their rotating list of specialty drinks and it's a great place to pop in your headphones while working.i haven't talked about the coffee because it's the crown jewel of wormhole. the coffeeshop roasts their own coffee in the basement under their halfwit brand, which was incubated internally by former wormhole staff. their moonbat blend is the best for making cold brew at home. and what's more is that through halfwit, wormhole also offers barista training and development for other coffeeshops around the city.very inclusive, very community-oriented, local coffee roasters themselves. the only \"bad\" thing is they get very busy at peak hours.we live very close to wormhole. went in every day. the cashier told us we get a \"10% neighborhood discount since we live in the neighborhood.\" \u00a0one morning, my wife mentioned it and the rude lady told her \"you can't use that, it's only for people who work in the neighborhood.\" \u00a0so now, pettiness over a 50 cent discount on mochas, keep us from coming back. all the cutesy, kitschy, 80's stuff doesn't make up for rude customer service.how i wish wormhole was closer to where i live, so i could visit regularly!wormhole is situated on a busy stretch of milwaukee, and you have to know where it's located, as the entrance is relatively unassuming. \u00a0the interior is a little grungy, but who cares? \u00a0the coffee and specialty drinks are worth it! \u00a0wormhole offers your familiar espresso fare, but amps it up with drinks like the peanut butter koopa troopa (mocha) and honey bear latte (with local honey).last note: this place has \"ny sizing\", where small is 8oz. \u00a0so the drink's a splurge, but you're worth it!i stayed home last night and burped the old ladies wormhole and man was that worth a 5 star review!!!! yeeeeee haaaaaaaw!!!!!!!!in the heart of busy busy wicker park and it reflected inside. \u00a0the coffee shop is ecclectic with hipster-friendly decor all over including the back to the future car in the back and gizmo wall painting. i came here because i needed to get out of the house and do some work so i was looking for a place that was spacious and had wifi/plugs. \u00a0there's definitely a lot of seating (tables and couches) but it was so packed the whole day i'm surprised we found seating near outlets. \u00a0they play popular hit songs so i kept thinking i was in a bar - and definitely wanted to go to one afterwards! \u00a0i got a chai latte which was good but came out lukewarm. this place is cool but i wasn't a fan of it being soo jammed packed, pretty loud (from all the people and workers dropping stuff), and the drinks were kind of mediocre compared to the surrounding coffee shops in chicago. \u00a0maybe i'll come back. \u00a0wifi was solid.cute themed cafe to hang out in. the staff are friendly and the place has tables and couches for studying. the place is usually busy so it might be difficult to find seating. lots of plugs near the tables to charge up any electronics along with free wifi (password is on little cards on the tables). ordered an earl grey tea - they give you the tea leaves from the first steep and when you finish your first cup you can go back and get it steeped again for free. any kind of milk toppers are extra $0.50 (and if you want another milk topper for the second steep it's another $0.50). standard tea - nothing special or amazing about the tea, but it was served quite hot. menu selection seems like the standard coffee shop with some snacks. i don't drink coffee, so i noted that selection was limited to non-coffee drinkers (ie: no non coffee based/matcha lattes or tea lattes).one down side is i prefer to study with illumination, and despite being in the cafe in the afternoon it was quite dark. also, since it's so busy it might be a little noisy to get work done (so bring headphones). as such, i wouldn't really recommend this place to get some work done. if i were to return, i would probably return to hang out with friends opposed to studying.music was loud, people doing their own thing, mostly hipster folks on their laptops which helped me and my wife focus and get some work done.came here with a friend based on the raving yelp reviews. we both ordered caff\u00e8 mocha and asked for cocoa powder on the surface. i double asked the barista about the latter. he said you got it. all the artistic coffee shops i have been to, make the mocha with espresso, milk and chocolate (and/or cocoa powder). when our mocha came, there was no chocolate or cocoa neither inside or on the surface. it was cold and the taste was more like a latte and bland like old coffee. while drinking that disappointment, my friend and i were checking out some cool star wars and gremlins toys in front us. the interior decor is from the 1980's basically and it's so hipster and interestingly geeky. while discussing if one of the gremlin toys looks like yoda, the barista took that gremlin toy and put it somewhere else like we were about to steal it or something! no sense of humor or a friendly face!. we could not comment anything on that cup of coffee with a unwelcoming face like that. wormhole wouldn't stand a chance if it was for the coffee. the best thing about them is the location and the interior decor. for the coffee quality, would give less than 2 stars, for the cool vintage hipster design 4 stars and for the service that night 1 stars. maybe we came on a very bad evening for that barista.can't believe i have just been walking by this place for 3 years! definitely stop in if you haven't yet. the vibe is cool, and these baristas definitely know how to make a latte!awesome vibe...vintage throwback decor... delicious made to order drinks as well as some unique signature concoctions you won't find anywhere else.great place. great food, atmosphere, and coffee. i love it because it spontaneous with old school movie poster and back to the future car. i came here with my boyfriend, well this is his college hiding alot to do work. so it a great place in the morning to come. the banana nut bread is food and the hot coffee and cold brew is delicious. well be coming back just to read a book or to do some homework. go visit, you won't regret it.overall, the wormhole is a cozy coffee shop to bring friends, family, dates, or to go solo and read a book. this cafe can definitely serve as an off-the-grid study spot. lastly, they are open from 7am-11pm every day of the week pouring locally roasted coffee and serving an assortment of desserts including some vegan donuts.today, october 21, 2015, i walked into the cafe 80s. i ordered a pepsi perfect and taught some kids how to play a game \"using their hands.\" then this dude came in with his crew (pretty sure he had a few short circuits in his bionic implants) and we got into a tussle that ended up outside. i had to borrow some poor girl's hoverboard and tried to get away but those boards don't work on water! i won't bore you with the details of the rest of my day but it was pretty crazy.wormhole might as well be called cafe 80s with its homage to all things 80s, and of course that amazing delorean. i love coming in here and getting all nostalgic about my childhood. oh yeah, and they have great coffee too. but they need more fax machines.it was my first time going into the city to have a study session and i decided to check out the wormhole. i am really glad i did because it was an awesome place to study and i ran into an old friend here.i arrived around 3 pm on labor day 2014 and it was pretty packed but there were still a few empty spots to grab a seat.i ordered a vanilla latte 8 oz for $4. i sat down at one of the sofa while i waited for my cup of joe to come out. about 5 minutes later, my name was called and i picked it up and also got the wifi password from the floppy disk at the front of the store.i migrated to the bar area where the baristas were making their coffee. the seating here was a bit uncomfy, especially for a short person because the stools were so tall that but my feet were dangling and there was no back rest to the stool. my back started hurting from hunching and i kept getting distracted because i was admiring the skills of the baristas making the drinks. and not to mention, it is a bit loud. about an hour after, i migrated to the table that is shared by 6 people. it is a bit crowded but enough elbow room for all of us to be on our laptop. this is where the outlets are too for people who need to charge their phones/laptops. this was where i got most of my work done.overall, i really like the theme of this coffee shop. it has a video game theme on top of the 80s music they kept playing. i loved it! the coffee was delicious, too and very reasonably priced!i would definitely come back to study here or catch up with a friend. they have a lot of cool stuff around the store that i wanna check out next time i come back, like the old school video game console, the small section of quirky gift ideas, and the cool car in the back of the store.i'm a starbucks barista but your vanilla bean lattes bring comfort an pure yummy bliss to my mornings:))))delicious lattes - i had the honey bear and my fianc\u00e9 had the vanilla - both were outstanding. however, the girl taking our order seemed to be having a bad day and was not friendly at all. seemed to be inconvenienced by us ordering coffee and asking questions.this coffee shop is so cool !!they have random stuff from 90s and 80s . the place has really great coffee ! i got a iced latte and it was so good ! \u00a0i really like the place for getting work done . it's is a little busy but people seem to be respectable of you if \u00a0are reading .great coffee! been here several times and the quality has been great all the time, if you are lucky you will find a seat during the busy hours, in the morning there's seating available most of the times. last time i was there i had a cortado, which they serve you with like a small cookie which is cool to balance out the richness of the coffee. i also recommend their cold brew now that summer is coming up. i've tried their lattes before and they on point. good atmosphere.luckily enough to come across this spot on my trip to chicago. \u00a0great ambiance, plenty of seating for working, and amazing coffee! \u00a0i had the honey bear latte and loved it! \u00a0it may have been a special so no promises it will still be there! \u00a0i have a feeling though that this is one of the places where you can't go wrong.the one thing i'll say is that food is limited to pastries. \u00a0there are no sandwiches. \u00a0but i guess that's typical in town for coffee shops not to have kitchens. \u00a0different than boston. \u00a0who knew!check it out.hands down best coffee i have had in a very long time. this place screams 80's and hipsters, but still has that local neighborhood feel even with its growing popularity. and rightfully so. any place that brews their own coffee that they grind, then make individually and also sell fresh on site is worth my time. i had the vanilla bean latte which was seriously amazing if not life changing. if i moved to chicago i would live off damen so i could be close to here. this is seriously how i want to start my day everyday.the ambiance is very mixed of locals, business people, students, hipsters, 80's kids and the like. come early or wait for the line to go away like i did, because we got the couches in the front and didn't even wait for our coffee. we also bought t shirts for this place because not only were they awesome but also on recycled materials. how can you not love that?if you are a tmnt fan, bttf fan or love 80's this place will knock your socks off. i will let that be the surprise! the decor is awesome to photograph or just be around if you can find a seat. for a place so small, they do fit a lot of people sitting so if you hangout you can probably get a seat. overall absolutely loved this place, the quality, the prices were fair, decor was awesome, staff was amusing and ambiance is worth the trip. went all during my vacation to chicago and will be back!my new favorite coffee shop. came here to get some studying and work done and was the perfect place. got a very vanilla bean iced offee was awesome! place has wifi and ton of super comfortable couches and lounges chairs and some outdoor tables and a small sit up bar. lots of 80s nostalgia and even a delorean in back. food was lacking, only some donuts. but came for a awesome coffee and a place to hangout and get some work done. will def be coming back soon. was just busy enough. so as not to be bothered.along with the original he-man castle, apple mac, and other 80s paraphernalia that rocks this house, the tea here (green) was yum.bruuuuh i'm in tha bedroom of a teenager frum da ninetiezzz. wuuuuuut. fr worf a trip jus fo tha vibes. choose coffee shop company well cuz i brought dis fool who trynna talk nonsense n i'm jus trynna type. bruh chill lemme finish dis review fo i knock dat latte out chyo small hands. trump, dat u? talkin all dat foolishness. newayz, i like ma dranks wid dat strong espresso flavuh flave. ma small cappuccino got 2 shots n sum artsy thang. dat honay latte wuznt too sweet but cud def taste dat honaaaay make a quuurl wanna git stung by a bee. dey got sum green lil nintendo card by tha register fo regulars, get ten punches n a free drank. cashier qurl wuz chill n remind me of a babysitter from tha nineties dat ends up watchin mischievous kids who gon git hur caught up in some goosebumps mess. poor qurl, i can't stand dem childrin. holla atchyo gurl.i stumbled upon this shop on a cold january day and found myself in heaven. absolutely love this place, my go to study spot in wicker park. the peanut butter koopa troopa is a winner here, even for a non-coffee lover like myself.the best part is the environment: so many awesome nerdy things! back to the future delorean sits above you and star wars posters everywhere. great place to watch hipsters and students thrive in their element. this place gets crowded quickly so if you wanted a nice spot on the couch, better come early!what a quirky little place. it's like i stepped into a time machine powered by a flux capacitor and went back to 1985. errrrythang is 80's here. a back to the future delorean is up above, a nintendo system so that i can whip some butt in blades of steel, metal lunchboxes line the wall, and an old fossil - like mac computer sits for our viewing pleasure. unlike filter where i go to relax and get work done on my computer and yelp my behind off. here i come to play. play video games all while being visually stimulated by 80's relics. now my drink would be the supa dupa peanut butter koopa troopa for people who are supa dupa fly like me. it's a peanut buttery mocha like drink that's quite delicious. add to that some cereal, say what? that's rite for a $1.50 i can get a bowl of apple jacks (other cereals are available) that will yummy my tummy! milk and cereal, milk cereal, cereal and milk, cereal and milkto sum this place up. it's a playground that assaults the senses with 80's memorabilia, \u00a0endless nintendo playing, supa doopa peanut buttery coffee drinks, cheap cereal and if you stay till closing you can usually get some free pastries. come check it out with your homies, video games and cereal, you will feel like your back in college.their rocket sauce - yerba mate with some fruit and kick is really good spacious good vibes all aroundi have always loved wormhole since the first time i set foot in it about a year ago! they're open late, have great coffee and tea, and that atmosphere is so fun and quirky. they've got comfy couches and chairs. the staff is efficient and welcoming. it's a great late night study spot. i would recommend giving it a shot. personal favorite drink: honey bear latte!best coffee shop i've been to. plus they have a delorean so you can stay there forever!great spot overall, great location, great vibe and good coffee options. really like the seating and reliable wi-fi.however, slightly snobby staff (some of them) that talk down at you like rebelling high schoolers, (eye rolls, blank looks if you don't know the options). came here once and one girl was outright belligerent for me asking her about the menu.their teas are a solid buck pricier than other coffee shops, and they tell you they can't just give you some hot water to re-steep a pot you already have in front of you with tea you already bought, because of course pay for another you cheap-o! (comes with another eye roll).other than that, really enjoy coming here.delorean in the back, wifi password on a floppy disk, light music, nes system to play, what's not to like? coming from austin, the wormhole became my go-to coffee shop, making me feel right at home. what makes it feel like austin? no, it's not the hipsters, or the weirdos that frequent the place, but it's the general inviting environment. it's a coffee shop that makes you want to stay, rather than get your coffee and gtfo.if you like peanut butter, get the koopa troopa.this coffee shop epitomizes wicker park. the place with all of your childhood favorites; old school plastic lunchboxes line the top shelves, 90's movie posters line the walls, and there's a whole shelf filled with board games in the far corner. the kicker, however, is the full-model replica of the delorean from back to the future and the old tv hooked up to a nes system that's playable! the vibe is really chill, with people meeting for coffee or working on their laptops. the only downside is that space is limited and fills up fast, so if you're coming to work, have a back up plan just in case. i had the peppermint rooibos tea and a regular coffee, both which were delicious!by far my favorite coffeeshop in chi because... halfwit coffee.i first heard about wormhole from a barista @ gaslight coffee roasters in logan square. don't tell anyone, but i got a decaf coffee there and loved it. came to find out that they actually get it from here and wormhole brews up halfwit. seriously, it's a mean cup of decaf. if one has to drink decaf, it should be this one. when i finally made it over to wicker park, i figured i'd try something new and pick up a bag of the 'moonbat blend.' i split the bag w/ my brother; kind of wish i didn't. i did a medium grind and cold-brewed \u00a0for 12+ hours at home. dude, best cold-brew ever. flavor is rich and full-bodied. tastes good as a traditional french press as well. if you're in town, you'd be a fool to pass this up. head down to wormhole in wicker park and pick up a bag of halfwit coffee! it's the best.as far as the coffeeshop experience, two thumbs up. the place is decorated with cool nerdastic gear: old video games, a macintosh, and star wars collectibles. they have bar seating with plenty of natural light--nice view of milwaukee for people watching--outdoor seating and some couches/chairs indoors. they have a pretty creative drink menu other than the standard lattes and macchiatos. i'm guessing it changes from time to time. my friend & i picked up a honey bear latte & a 'cool but rude' ginger/curry latte. it was the business. 'spicy' but not played out like a chai. nice & creamy microfoam. generally, i have to ask places to cut out the sweetness but here i don't have to. they get that sugar is not a main flavor component in their crafted beverages.great nostalgic place with their decor. they have a delorian raised up in the back. my cold brew coffee was great and only $3 even.i'm a caffeine addict all the way from california, and all i can say is wow--wormhole cafe, you guys are the bomb.i have this little thing where i try to order a regular cappuccino from as many cafes as possible from wherever i travel to. so far i've maintained this tradition in san francisco, sacramento, new york, los angeles, chicago, and san diego, and i can still confidently say that wormhole stays high on my list of favorites. first off, the cafe decor is absolutely unique. i can't believe that they have one of those old dinosaur-aged apple mac computers! the cute little cafe keeps things interesting while you're waiting for your drink.like all my favorite cafes, the wormhole also has a variety of vegan pastries. during my first visit i had their cinnamon roll, which was delicious. the second time i came, they were closing so all pastries were free. free. free food. the baristas were all super chill, polite, and patient, and encouraged us to take whatever we wanted. i literally died and came back to life on vegan pastry island. i was so happy. and i didn't even get to the coffee yet, which i'm sure you can tell by now was phenomenal. i like my coffee strong, and the baristas definitely attended to that. i did order a small however, which i felt was a bit smaller than other cappuccinos i've ordered, but it was worth it. oh wormhole, why do you have to be 2,000 miles away from me? i would totally be a regular! :'(this place is super cool! the interior is decked out with 80's arcade and gaming memorabilia and there is a delorian casually parked inside as well. the coffee was the show stopper though, yeh brew there was fantastic and the baristas incredibly experienced. not to mention i got to play super nintendo whilst drinking it! two thumbs up!situated in the middle of wicker park, wormhole is the coffee shop to study at. the vibe and ambiance is great- perfect for knocking out a paper or any other work you may have. this place isn't super big, but there's enough seating if you get here earlier in the day, and sofas in the back. my go to order here is their mocha- rich, smooth, and overall pretty tasty. the drip coffee is good too if you prefer that over an espresso drink! the music can be a little loud at times but usually it's not a problem. i've never had a problem with a wifi here so that's a plus! hipster friendly, comfy and cozy seating- come out here especially on a dreary rainy day and you'll never want to leave!didn't have a good experience with the staff. the manager who allegedly called me many times to pick up my refill, felt it was necessary to shout my order and punctuate each word by pounding the tabletop. i felt humiliated, as i was engaged in a business meeting.cute and quirky at the same time! this place will bring you back in time, right back into the 80s! it features all sorts of 80s memorabilia from the back to the future car to tmnt and gremlins all around the shop.i got the honey bear latte, which was one of their specials. they had interesting specials, one that was the peanut butter koopa troopa, and another that had curry in it! so cool. i was much too full after dinner, or else i would have tried the pb drink...the honey bear latte was great, but a little too strong in honey flavor for my liking.this time machine shop was filled with hipsters typing away at 10pm still, and was a full house! i loved the free wifi (find it on the floppy disk) and the combination of tables, bar stools, and couches. choose to your heart's desire :)fun place, with shirts and coffee accessories to buy on the side too. overall, great atmosphere and working place. i'd love to be back!this place has the best latte i have ever tried in my entire life. i tried the koopa-troopa, a peanut butter chocolate latte. it had just the right amount of sweetness while still being able to taste the espresso. i went into the coffee shop around 9 pm on a thursday and there was plenty of parking on milwaukee. there was also a lot of tables with lamps for studying.the kids w/ ironic facial hair may pat themselves on their backs for the real time 80s irony of this place, but the real irony is luring the 40+ year olds inside who will not hesitate to drop the $4+ on a caffeinated beverage to look around and fondly reminisce about their 80s youth without the stain of the bad hair bands (both the scrunchie and \"music\").note: if you are now criticizing my use of the word \"irony\" above, you merely prove my point.p.s. just drink the damn coffee, it's good (halfwit coffee roasters, yum!).the wormhole has become my go-to coffeeshop since moving to logan square. i usually go for the cold brew (definitely on the acidic side, if you're into that) and an iced vanilla latte when i want to splurge. i'm no coffee expert so i won't say anything about the espresso, but i do think the vanilla latte is deliciously creamy and appropriately sweetened.i really like their music choices - the baristas have eclectic tastes, ranging from drake (jumpman jumpman jumpman), to weezer, to 80s pop. if you're working, there aren't many outlets at the bar, and unless you get a table early, the seats closest to the outlets are already occupied. if you've got a long charging cable for your laptop, you might have to apologetically navigate around people to plug it in. the two (gender neutral) single user bathrooms are kept nice and clean. the lighting is a little dim - the windows do most of the work.coming here in the summer, i noticed the ac works really well, so those of you who get cold more easily might want to have a sweater on deck!great scott!! in a very hipster haight-ashbury kind of area on milwaukee is this coffeehouse time warp that takes the theme of time travel to another level. with a monolith tv console found in the back and a stack of nintendo games like paperboy and contra beckoning beneath an actual back to the future styled delorean (complete with upturned tires) the atmosphere preserves the warm fuzzy nostalgia of the 80s. the latte i had hit the spot on a chilly day and the baristas are pretty open and friendly. there is less pretentiousness here than other places. i took home a 12 oz of guatemala coffee beans from a local roaster, halfwit, which wasn't too bad brewed black. i figure i might have let the coffee sit too long before the pour which made it taste slightly bitter. but the venue is good for reading, studying, and informal meetings, one was being conducted at the time i was there. and of course zoning out for hours in front of an old school oak tv console trying to beat king koopa.super nice staff. \u00a0openly provide wifi for customers and support laptop work in the cafe (as a real cafe should do...unlike la colombe!). \u00a0and iced vanilla latte is delicious. \u00a0not too sweet!also, i love the cute retro coffee station desk in here.i just wanted a macchiato and double espresso to go and the counter guy refused. apparently it's \"store policy\" to not grant the customer what he wants. i was so annoyed at the pompousness of this place.it's not hard to find a great cup of coffee in the city, and i can get one with out the side of elitist attitude.this is the coolest coffee shop in chicago. i don't live close but occasionally will take a special trip out to sit and absorb the heavy hipster vibe. there's nothing about me that fits in but i strongly connect to the 80s nostalgia. the drip or chemex coffee is perfect. the staff always seems sweet and even gregarious. truly love this shop. if you are a visitor in chicago this is worth an uber.cozy atmosphere with great baristas. ive never experienced an excessive long wait for my coffee but the short wait it worth it. their imports are great & i had best cup of dang coffee i ever had in my life here !super cute cafe with great coffee and a very convivial vibe. not efficient for studying/working without headphones though.i love this place so much!!!! great place to hang on weekends. good service and delicious drinksthis place is extremely overrated! beware. the coffee is mediocre at best and the atmosphere is incredibly pretentious. also, why does their yelp page only have one dollar sign? in addition to the coffee being bland, it is way over priced. wormhole is one of these new aged wanna be fancy coffee places that at the end of the day is just not that great. a perfect place for hipsters and aspiring hipsters-dark all around. better coffee in wicker park is la colombe or honestly the mcdonald's off of western has better drip coffee.hopefully someone is saved from being scammed by wormhole from reading the reviews on this yelp page.immediate reaction after sipping: the space is hip with many things from my childhood that bring back fond memories, mocha was good and not too much chocolate taste which is good, and the hot chocolate was a pleasant surprise, nothing bad to say -so if you around go to see the delorean first name hipster last name hipster. we went and got a mocha and hot chocolate about an hour before they were closing i assume the staff was tired because they were not overly friendly. we grab a seat at the coffee bar and waited for drinks. when she saw were sitting across the bar and called our names for the drinks i still had to get up which was fine but didn't really make much sense we were right in front of here. i thought the mocho was ok nothing special the highlight was that that was not too much chocolate so that you can actually taste some of the espresso. my wife was really happy with the hot chocolate because they still did latte art on it which was a nice touch. i really like the gremlins artwork.through the glass door and down the rabbit wormhole we go. your destination is childhood nostalgia with a shot of caffeine. the wormhole coffee is armed with a flying delorean, a collection of metal lunch boxes, an original nes, and even calvin and hobbes comic books to pique your interest.people may think that all those items must be a gimmick and the java must be terrible, but they are incorrect! the wizards of the coffee bean have created life altering concoctions such as the drunken citrus mocha and the tim curry. the former is a booze infused mocha with a hint of citrus that is sure to make you giddy, as if you pounded back a few shots of tequila. the tim curry a combination espresso, milk, ice, and indian spices. it is as ridiculous as it sounds, but awesome like home alone 2.i visited on a friday afternoon it was pretty busy. my drink was delicious. i had a soy latte. they have copies of the new york times which also really pleases me. there is a good amount of space and seating but it's a popular place and people do stay for a while to work on their computers. i like the feel of the thick wooden counters. there is a delorean in there up on a giant shelf as a decoration. seriously. the service was very good and staff were very good at making drinks and they really seemed like my kind of people. \u00a0i'd like to note that they were all easy on the eyes too. \u00a0the volume of the music was just right. the music was alt pop. interesting yet easy to listen to.the vanilla bean latte is heaven. probably my favorite latte of all time..... i can't even describe to you how incredible it was you just have to come in and try it. they actually make a paste from the beans instead of using extract. hipster af but it's too good to be judgmental about.the coffee is great and the atmosphere is amazing! oh, and they have some good tea as well. the only thing that lacks is service. the baristas can be a little rude sometimes.the inside blends with the streets outside.coffee is the best i have had in this city. try the homemade vanilla and the honey latte.coolest coffee shop ever! walking into this place is like a blast from the past...old movie posters, the back to the future car displayed in the back, octopussy & nintendo game references. not to mention super comfy couches and chairs.i kept it simple and ordered their homemade vanilla bean latte but i was so tempted to try their peanut butter koopa troopa which looked and sounded heavenly. we all loved our lattes. you can tell they use high quality ingredients as i have never tasted such a delicious vanilla bean in my life.if you are in the area, definitely check this place out! it blows starbucks and carribou out of the water!this is a solid place. \u00a0quick and friendly service, plus a cute and quirky electro-retro vibe. \u00a0i had the iced chai latte, and while i think the person who said it was the \"best in the world\" might be exaggerating, it did hit the spot. \u00a0if you are in the area it is worth popping in here for some quick refreshment.wormhole is my happy place.the allure of wormhole is in its decor, which is dedicated to star wars, nintendo, and all things nerdy. \u00a0there is a back to the future style delorean in the back! \u00a0the place has a great ambiance to it- definitely a trendy style coffee place. \u00a0don't go with a group, because seats are hard to come by, and especially seats together. you can play mario cart and super mario brothers on the nintendo in the back.there are homemade pop-tarts and twinkes available, but those usually run out early in the day and you are left with meh muffins. no other food options. \u00a0the coffee menu is pretty minimalist, but of a good quality. they have really create latte creations (chocolate peanut butter, honeyed ginger!)so the problem i have with \"hipster\" coffee shops is that it's always crowded and loud. no matter what time it is here, there is always a ton of people stuffed in a small space. i also pretty much only ever go to coffee shops to do work so a place that's crowded and loud already slightly aggravates me. on top of it all, much of the seating is a) on sofa chairs - really difficult to write anything on a chair b) shared seating at a large table - ugh, for a person who prefers not to be crammed next to unknown, anonymous people, this is a nightmare and c) at the bar/against the wall stools - the depth of the table which is way too narrow. then on top of all that, apparently the last i checked, the only iced tea option was the scarlet iced tea which straight up tastes like medicine. you can see why i have a difficult time focusing on their \"cool\" decorations when i'm already so uncomfortable. clearly, wormhole isn't my ideal coffee shop.this is by far one of the best (if not the best) coffee houses i've ever been to in chicago. it's quite inconvenient for me to get here as it's in wicker park and i don't live near here, but it's worth it to take the bus/train if i want to get away and just hang out somewhere dark and mellow.i like that the menu is in big print above the counter. there are plenty of tables, counter seats, and a long navy-blue couch. electrical outlets are dispersed everywhere. the decor is super cool, and staff are cheery, helpful, and friendly. the iced vanilla latte was good but it's been maybe a month since i was here so i forgot if its taste had any interesting characteristics from other iced vanilla lattes i've had. i like that they use corn-based compostable straws. they also offer free wi-fi. restrooms are neat and clean. place wasn't overcrowded when i was there. i'll come back here again for sure and i recommend it for people who are looking to drink good coffee and experience the calm and cool ambiance of this coffee house.sweet. oh, love this place. the drip coffee was excellent and every single thing in here was from the 80s, which brought back sweet childhood memories. they even have a nintendo in the back (!). i hope to be back one day to spend more time at the wormhole -- it is excellent.i've been to wormhole coffee a few times. love:the decor. the kitschy. the nerdy. the science fiction-y. the 80's stuff. the videogames. i love all of that. the pictures on the walls. the nerdy apparel for sale. the nerdy names of drinks. i love that about wormhole. it makes me smile and will definitely keep me returning. heck, there's even the delorean from back to the future.latte art. their art is on point here. i enjoyed immensely the aesthetic of all of the drinks i have ordered here. this adds a flourish of fun and sophistication. in my mind, it also justifies leaving a bit of a tip to my barrista, too. meh:peanut butter koopa troopa. i read a lot about this drink and it didn't blow me away like i had hoped it would. i was expecting something sweeter, i think. maybe you can chalk it up to the fact that i'm not a big coffee drinker. perhaps i just don't know any better. it certainly wasn't bad--just nothing special or particularly appealing for me. seating. good luck finding a seat here, let alone an outlet. cross your fingers that your laptop has good battery life if you want to get work done. people who have a coveted outlet tend to hang out for a while (they know a good thing when they see it). generally, if you hang around a bit awkwardly, a place to sit will open up. the times i've been here and the barrista asked \"for here or to go,\" he raised his eyebrows slightly when i said \"for here.\" clearly even the barristas know it's often unreasonable to find a seat. music. it's a little bit loud for my tastes. the barristas are also pretty lively and loud, which could be disturbing if you're there to do work. overall, the wormhole is a fun spot to have a drink, but i wouldn't choose it as a place to camp out for the day to get work done. the scarcity of outlets and the general din don't lend themselves to productivity. that being said, this spot sits at a solid four stars for me. the nerdy 80's theme is just too appealing not to fall in love a little bit. this is a place i would especially recommend to similarly nerd-minded friends, especially if you're in wicker park!this has probably become one of my favorite coffee shops in chicago. it's tied with sawada for sure.great experience. it's a cool atmosphere to sit and enjoy your coffee. definitely a hit with millennials and sci-fi fans. a step up from chain coffee joints in quality, but a leap up in price. the decorations alone are a reason to stop by, particularly if you're a tourist. ps: very awesome macaroons!i used to love this place, but haven't been there in a few years. \u00a0my boyfriend and i bought coffee, he got something fancy, i got a regular black. \u00a0they both tasted pretty awful, mine tasted like mud. at least his had lots of sugar and cream but it couldn't disguise the entirety of a bad cup. \u00a0we walked out of there laughing at the pretentious, rude servers. \u00a0god forbid you ask them to explain anything on the menu without watching their eyes daringly twitching into a full on roll.as someone who lives around the corner, the hype of this place has definitely faded for me. while i do love the decoration and feel of this cozy spot, i feel like someone needs to call out the service. i'm a server so i understand the stress of the food industry, but these people are unnecessarily rude. i have yet to have a positive interaction with the staff and, as a customer, i feel like an inconvenience to them.this was hands down the best coffee i've ever had and i might now be a connoisseur but i've had my fair share of coffee and holy shit this place tops even my grandmas.where to begin! i've been wanting to go to this place for sometime now, and i finally had a chance to go there! i ordered their oolong tea and oh my freaking god it was delicious!!!! my boyfriend ordered a latte and he enjoyed it as well. it's a very cozy and cute place with unique decor. i would definitely recommend this place to anyone. oh and their playlist was great too lol.i wanted to knock wormhole down a star for being so busy i often don't go in. truth is, it's busy because it's such a cool little coffee shop. first off, the delorean. then the amazing 80's nostalgia everywhere including wifi passwords on big floppy disks. atmosphere, 5 stars easy. the coffee is awesome and they have a great selection. their specialty drinks are different and delicious. the peanut butter koopa troopa (any mario fans out there?) is an amazing treat! if i was evil is give you 1 star and hope a few less people go so i can grab a seat at the window and people watch!everytime my partner and i vacation, he finds a few quirky or quaint little coffee shops to pop into and try. in chicago, it was the wormhole. now, you need to understand that i am a starbucks-style coffee drinker through and through. i'm talking pumps upon pumps of flavor syrup, sugar, milk -- the works. i joke that michael scott from the office (who once drank just cream and sugar) and i have similar opinions on what makes good coffee. my partner, on the other hand, enjoys straight, black coffee. needless to say, it's somewhat rare when we can find a coffee shop that meets both of our flavor preferences.enter the wormhole!i'm not sure what my partner ordered, but i know he enjoyed whatever roast they had recently brewed. for goodness sake, he has a t-shirt from this place, so obviously he enjoys their stuff. i tried their homemade vanilla bean latte which was delicious. this was probably the best latte i have ever had, and even my black coffee, old-man partner enjoyed it -- and he's not into the super sweet stuff.not only do they have excellent coffee, they also have some cool 80s memorabilia and swag. my partner was especially floored by the ghostbusters desk reference. we didn't get to stay and work, read, sit, or really hang out, but it seemed like a great place to do all of the above. there's a mixture of seating and it wasn't loud at all -- probably a great place to park it for an afternoon or catch up with a friend.guys, you have to know what you're awesome. regular brew - great, bear honey latte - even better. fast wifi, cool and hipster interior, great location and working hours. gonna miss your placewormhole is in wicker park, a super cute neighborhood in chicago. \u00a0i was passing through on my way back form o'hare, and decided to make the detour to study for a bit. \u00a0i found street parking super easily. \u00a0there was lots of room inside. \u00a0the lighting was a bit dim, so i opted for a seat towards the windows. \u00a0lots of eclectic decor. \u00a0i got the cool but rude latte, which has ginger and curry powder. \u00a0it was delicious and just has the slightest kick from the ginger. \u00a0their espresso was delicious. \u00a0i only wish i lived closer so that i could come more often.if i worked here i would make sure someone made me a manager or key holder just so i could sneak in after-hours. i'd climb my way into that shell of a delorean and kick the crap out of the fake flux capacitor, like dorothy with her ruby shoes, wishing more than anything i'd be thrown into a future at least 100 years from now where hopefully the economy was better, and perhaps intriguing men stopped thinking it was cool to keep several different girlfriends at one time. who am i kidding? both will never happen.i just stopped in for some tea and the staff was polite but super strange. i'm not sure if they just thought i was strange, or if they were just the kinds of people who don't really know how to throw themselves into customer service. tea only comes in an unusually small to go cup, and even though they have larger cups, they will make no exceptions. they have \"fancy tea\" or tea that you can tell was actually at one time a plant. they bag the plants before dropping it into the hot water, which adds to the authenticity factor of the tea. what i don't understand is why this process took forever. even when i was handed my drink, it was with reluctance. it seemed to be hard for them to communicate. then the guy instructed me to wait a little before drinking the tea to allow it to brew in the water. anyway, mad props to the fact that this is probably one of the few non-asian places that sell jasmine tea, which is my favorite. i will be back for this alone. i agree with the other yelpers though. the customers who hang out here seem to have no soul, and are completely fixed on whatever they are working on with their laptops. it's a little unnerving because you wonder if any of them are possibly making plans to take over the world or hack into significant computer systems belonging to companies which help run the world. who knows. kind of a sketchy lot for being dressed up like hipsters. there's no talking in here. when you walk in, it's like a scratched record and everyone glares at you at the same time. i'll remember to be nowhere near here should there be a zombie apocalypse.love it! soooooo many comfy couches and one of the best chai lattes i have ever had! this is a great place to work or binge a new show somewhere other than your bed.if you're looking for a hipster coffee place with amazing retro star wars artwork all over the place, look no further. this place is great for a 3 hour catch up chat or working on your homework or your new novel. it's great for whatever. and the prices are pretty good!! plus they have some great specialty coffee - they have a honey bear latte which my friend really enjoyed. and they have a peanut butter koopa troopa drink.recommend!excellent coffee ! their selection of coffees is not your typical franchise flavors but definitely palette worthy !this place is legit!atmosphere - brought back a lot of memories of my childhood with all the 80s and 90s stuff inside. there's a to scale delorian in the ceiling! and a working nes?! how cool is that! food & drink - just had a black house blend coffee. it was really good. medium body, balanced, and a little sweet. my wife and i also had a scone that was delicious. i think it was a vanilla blackberry scone, or something of the like. if it wasn't and i'm totally off, they should make scones like that. price - very fair pricing. most of the drinks were 12 oz for 3.50-4 bucks or 16 oz for 4-4.50. real nice. before we left, i bought a few bags of whole bean coffee which came out to about 30 bucks. caught me a little off guard, but i'm sure they'll be worth it. overall - i'd definitely go back! if not for the coffee, then definitely for the working nes.if you are trying to find me, look no further than the wormhole...i've spent many hours over the past few years at this cafe, slaving away over impending deadlines and leafing through giant textbooks. maybe even more time then i spend at home. that said, here's my list of pros and cons:positives:-cool retro vibe and decor-vintage nintendo games in the back-lots of outlets-fun pastries from fritz (some are vegan, fyi)-outdoor seating in the summer-knowledgable baristas who know what they are doing-open later than most cafes in the area (until 11)-free, fast, reliable wifi-frequent buyer punch card that gets you your 11th drink for free-great location on milwaukee ave. in between the damen and division blue line stations near all the wicker park actionneutral:-unique music selection (ranging from indie rock, to 80s pop, to 90s rap): it used to be pretty flawless and i'd always have my phone out to identify the songs. however, recently it hasn't been...umm...to my taste.-creative drinks with funny names: they are not the best drinks you are going to have anywhere in the city, though most are really good. i would highly recommend the peanut butter koopa troopa! seasonal drinks in particular tend to be hit or miss.negatives:-limited seating for how popular it is, especially near the outlets. really difficult to find multiple seats together.-really loud (doesn't bother me, but could be a distraction)-difficult to find free parking if you are drivingso clearly, the pros outweigh the cons!ghostbusters. nintendo. e.t. the delorean! those were from my times and for nostalgia's sake, this five is a must-give. \u00a0to legitimize that....the atmosphere is great. i love to be surrounded with props from my childhood. are tired from all your studying? get up and take a walk around this cafe. it will not disappoint! coffee is strong. my personal favorite is the chai latte. stay alert and perk your ears up. a barista will call your name for you to pick up your coffee. don't be the annoying person with the headphones and music blasting. we don't want to hear the barista shout at the top of his/her lungs with your name on repeat.i don't think i've ever seen a local coffee shop as busy as this place. maybe it was because it was a saturday afternoon, but the wormhole was jammed full of coffee lovers and the line to order was almost out the door. from the length of the line and the amazing yelp reviews, i knew the coffee here would be worth the wait.i ordered the honey bear latte (housemade latte + honey), which seems to be one of the most popular orders here, and it was divine. the slight hint of sweetness from the honey made the latte so smooth! i was seriously tempted to order another one after i finished. the ambiance and interior design are definitely on the hipster side, which is a change from what you might get at some of the other coffee shops in wicker park, such as buzz killer espresso or intelligentsia. i'm not sure if this would be a great place to study or have a quiet conversation, especially on a saturday afternoon, but if you're in the neighborhood craving a caffeinated pick-me-up, definitely give this place a try!!i have three qualifications for a great coffee shop:1) delicious coffee and treats2) cozy and unique atmosphere 3) fast wifiwh succeeds in offering all three, but really this is one of the most unique coffee shops in the city. if you enjoy coffee shops, you owe it to experience what worm hole has to offer!not sure how to publicly respond to the owner of wormhole in regards to his request for me to forfeit my 1st amendment rights so i'll just write it as an update.a) how dare you threaten me for expressing my view? you really are a nazi.b) it's not a vessel or receptacle, it's a cup.c) nobody tried to force anybody to slice a cup in half you self absorbed dbag, i merely asked for a to-go cup.d) if there are bigger problems in the world why aren't you out there solving them?focus on the cup and the consumer mate, that is your lesson here.this place is awesome on all counts. \u00a0the throwback decor is comfortably tattered, the barristas cheerful and capable, and the wifi reliable. \u00a0oh, and the coffee? \u00a0lit' rally the best i've ever had. \u00a0my favorite is the honey bear latte, which i've tried with and without soy, and there is something so rich and creamy, and not-too-sweet, that has made it my favorite caffeinated treat when i'm in the neighborhood. \u00a0it won't be as quick as the big chains, but the finished product is worth a few extra moments, and plus ... froth art! \u00a0it does get crowded, but if you have the opportunity to settle into an armchair with a good book or your laptop, you won't feel rushed to leave. and you can even trust fellow patrons to keep an eye on your stuff when a bathroom break is required (but don't quote me on that in case someone unscrupulous happens to cross your path). \u00a0thumbs up all around for the scene and the coffee. \u00a0whether you need somewhere to freelance or are looking to pop in for a beverage while shopping on milwaukee, seek out this place!i've been here a few times when i've visited chicago from iowa city. \u00a0if you're a certain kind of child from the 80's, then you will love this place. \u00a0they have a delorean in the back, multiple homages to mogwai, and a functioning nes in the back to play. \u00a0plenty of star wars and ninja turtles gear as well. \u00a0and their espresso is named triforce. \u00a0need i say more? \u00a0i've had above average coffee here in many styles, ranging from espresso to aeropress. \u00a0in other words, this place is the best and worst of coffee hipsters, in one place. \u00a0customer service is generally fine, a bit standoffish but nothing atypical for an artisanal coffee shop. \u00a0i have had more friendly, engaged customer service elsewhere but i would still recommend wormhole for their unique atmosphere and go back.absolutely loved this coffee shop experience. relive the 80s in a couple thousand square feet. great decor and vintage items. tshirts are a little pricey but the manager was gracious enough to give me a discount on the toddler tshirt i bought! very friendly and helpful staff. 5 stars for sure!much cooler than your average cafe. these guys put the word 'retro' and made an entire world out of it inside their wicker park shop. it's like walking into a time machine, or hell, a \"wormhole\" and seeing all those things you loved in the 80's and 90's like vintage star wars merchandise or the nes. the coffee is not half bad neither. i cannot speak for much since i'm not one of those coffee aficionados but i always enjoy my stay here when i'm in the area and they always have some interesting drinks to offer. one day, i'll come in, order a coffee and will finally get a chance to just sit down and play some super mario bros. on their nes because every time i come in, that system is always taken which breaks my heart a little. one day...the iced vanilla lattes from here are such a delicious tasty treat. wormhole has a great way of doing sweet lattes without them being overpoweringly sweet. wormhole is a great place to grab a coffee while you are out shopping/walking around/ waiting for a table at a busy wicker park restaurant. i think the d\u00e9cor is a little silly - but i understand that some people like it. i never stay 'in' to drink my coffee.really cool spot, reasonable prices, not too loud to be distracting while reading but loud enough to create a great sense of white noise in the back.oh, they have a nintendo that you can play. \u00a0so yea, five stars.latte was great! i have been wanting to check this place out for a while... and ended up here during our wait for the bongo room. everyone was friendly, selection of drinks wasn't too big or too small, and again both my husband and myself really enjoyed our lattes.  just minus one star for the decor, i love the retro idea, and the memorabilia, but it doesn't seem like much time or energy was spent decorating the walls cohesively. you may go and feel like you're in your friends basement. (though, perhaps its just part of the charm to some people.) that being said though, we'll definitely be back, and it will be recommended to friends. :)nice upbeat music. thematic decorations yet clean. somehow they managed to shove a back to the future delorean in here so props for that. coffee tastes great. if you opt for \"here\" they give you a mug and plate. they also provide a variety of baked goods. feels like someone's home! a little too dim for a study spot but great for conversations and chillin. one of my favorite coffee places here.this is one of my favorite independent coffee shops in the city. \u00a0dark matter is great, too, as is buzzkill but the wormhole is my go-to when given the opp to pick.why do i like it so much?creative drink specials (like the honey bear latte)quirkiness of the space (fun 80's theme and a working nintendo console that i have played a few times!)variety of seating space (couch in window, chairs and tables for comp users, counter area, and sink-your-ass-in couches in back)the best chai tea!careful attention to detail by staff (artful lattes and just good blending of flavors in general)dispense-your-own water this is truly the place to go whether you are in the area (the busy milwaukee ave section of wicker park) or not. i go out of my way to get here at times, too.oh, yeah, and the back to the future delorean is neat (it's real!) as is the gremlin stuffed animals that are sprinkled about.high-fives all around for a pretty cool joint! it's very wicker park-like and that's fine by me. decor is vintage and super fun. i mean, they have a car inside on display.....(pause for dramatic effect).... in addition, you can spot an e.t. figure, old-school tv complete with the original nintendo set up to play, and a bookshelf of games in the back. and of course to pretty hip looking and fun baristas behind the bar. those to me are great ingredients for a fun little spot to hang.do this: try their herbal iced tea! it's red and beautiful and totally refreshing.don't do this: sit up at the bar for a long period of time! maybe it's just me, but those stools are lacking padding and overall comfort. if you can snag a spot at one of their bigger tables or even a comfy couch - do so! your behind will thank you :)great coffee shop! it's a very hipster bar, and i enjoyed all the little decors from the star wars posters, to the delorean everyone talks about, and all the little knicks and random gadgets they have sprawling everywhere.my girlfriend and i ordered the peanut butter koopa troopa and honey bear latte. i chose the koopa troopa to try something different, but it was ok. i'm just not used to the peanut butter taste in my coffee. however, the honey bear was outstanding! it was very smooth, with just the right amount of sweetness. the beans were very fresh, and the baristas know what they're doing. definitely stop by for a break, i love wormhole!edit: i gave this place one star after my last time in (see below), i updated my review to three stars after the owner showed concern about my experience. i will be coming back to try again, hopefully i will have a better experience and be able to increase my review further. i work at a coffee shop, so i know my order is sort of stupid. i order a cold brew in a 12oz paper cup without ice. every time i order this the baristas here are super rude about it. this time when i went in and ordered this, she tried to talk me into putting it into a plastic cup. when i declined this, she scoffed at me telling me the cup would leak, then proceeded to talk shit about me to her co worker. i don't understand why they won't just make my order, if anything i'm paying more per volume probably.the only thing i knew about wormhole coffee heading in was that it was close to where i was staying and that they had a delorean in the shop. having a close inside joke with somebody about deloreans, i knew i had to make my way in plus the shop clearly had some inspiration from back to the future.walking in, i felt that the name had done the coffee shop justice. it was as though i'd been sucked into a wormhole into the late 1980s. from movie posters to video games present, it could not have felt more like a parallel world.had i stayed to do work, they continued with floppy disks with the wifi passwords. wifi : babywurm; password: slowdownchewyourfood. lol.i had a lovely cappuccino at wormhole. in fact, i went back for a second before leaving. definitely a spot to check out!while wormhole has a lot of creative specials, i always opt for their chai - so top notch! always hits the spot, and i think the best chai in the area.wormhole has seriously sweet decor, complete with a friggin' delorean hanging in the rafters. there are other 80's era movie posters around, as well. so much fun hanging around in here. when we came, it was super packed, i don't know how anyone finds a seat. you need to get either very early or very lucky. lots of laptops, so they looked like they were in for the long haul.now, onto what matters. i tried a shot of espresso. i had the triforce, which was very good. it is sweeter than your average espresso, so it works great on its own without any sweet add-ons. i would happily get it again, but they refuse to put it in a to-go cup. very annoying. what if i wanted to sip slowly? given the lack of seats, i couldn't sit and stay awhile, so it was either pound it or stand around. c'mon people.to be very honest, i don't understand the hype and appeal of this place. it's one of wicker park's most popular coffee shops and study areas, but i feel like its coffee and warm drinks are mediocre and the seating area is small, uncomfortable and poorly lit. i'd recommend checking out the other coffee shops in the area.\"a wormhole, or einstein-rosen bridge, is a hypothetical topological feature that would fundamentally be a shortcut connecting two separate points in spacetime that could connect extremely far distances such as a billion light years or more, short distances, such as a few feet, different universes, and in theory, different points in time. a wormhole is much like a tunnel with two ends, each in separate points in spacetime,\" says sir wikipedia. the bleakness of october weighed down on chicago like a ton of worms. which happened to be my location. wicker park, milwaukee ave. to be precise. i almost missed it but out of the corner of my eye i saw a sign that said the wormhole. innocently, not knowing the forces that lay within, i pulled open the heavy wooden door and stepped inside. immediately and with a surprising lack of commotion, i was transferred back to the 80s. i never got to experience the 80s because i was born in the 90s. until now of course.the 80s turned out to be a lot like i would have expected. this was a time when ghostbusters, teenage mutant ninja turtles and calvin and hobbes were popular. you could play video games with the original nintendo on tvs with rabbit ears. back to the future was new and popular. that meant that deloreans were also popular. the original apple macintosh was a cutting edge piece of equipment. and apparently it was highly popular to eat cold cereal in public. all of this and more can be seen in a visit to the 80s. perhaps the most surprising thing was that somehow good coffee existed back then. before my time warp experience i was on a chicago caffeine crawl and this turned out to be stop the third. somehow they managed to suck a synesso back through their wormhole. they use halfwit coffee. surely that company wasn't going way back in the 80s. which brings me to a new question. how does the coffee retain its freshness and consistency traveling back and forth through time like that? when i stepped out the door back into current time, was my pour-over which was brewed in the 80s, then 30 years old? if so, i'm happy to announce that 30 year old coffee can be amazingly delicious. an unexpected trip to the 80s could really mess up my plans. but that was not to be so. all i had to do was step back through the door and i would be transferred via an einstein-rosen bridge back to the present. i did so and continued my journey into the gloom that was present day chicago.yay, i'm a fan. yes, the coffee was really tasty and delicious. the only stressful part was how close the seating was to other costumers/limited seating. i felt uncomfortable most of the time in the space. but their coffee is really really delicious, i would recommend it as a great spot to grab and go!i think i just found my new favourite coffee place to get work done you guys. usually i would never travel all the way to wicker park just for a spot to do work but i'm glad i did this time. the ambiance of this place was totally my kind of thing. i walked in and i saw the delorean straight ahead and a heathers poster on my right and i was totally sold. there are also some cafe's where you just want to put your earphones in and not talk to anyone, but here, i really enjoyed their playlist plus i didn't mind that someone wanted to strike up a conversation despite the work i had to do. super comfy and the staff were really friendly. i got their 12 oz vanilla bean late for $4.50 which i thought was pretty reasonable. it was really good too. i sat there for a few hours and got a little hungry so i got a ham and cheese croissant. i didn't enjoy the croissant as much as i liked the coffee though. so i'm just going to stick to their drinks the next time i visit. and yes, i'm definitely going again. :)today was \"feels like 18\u00b0\" and i was craving really warm coffee or tea. my friend recommended trying wormhole in wicker park.we arrived around 5 p.m and all the couches and chairs were occupied. people were doing all sorts of things from practicing calligraphy, reading, studying, or pretending to study but really browsing through facebook. how cozy was the thought that came into my head. the figurines, calvin and hobbes comics, action figure posters, and the car in the back of the store gave us the familiar and nostalgic feeling of childhood and geekiness. if you are a geek in any way, you will appreciate this place!i ordered a vanilla bean latte and my friend ordered hot chocolate. the drinks took a while but they were excellent. we settled ourselves in comfy couches and i joyfully read through calvin and hobbes while sipping on my latte. having permission to be a dork in a public gave me the greatest happiness. although i hate to, i have to knock off one star because it's not the most private place. due to its popularity, you often have to share a table with a stranger. i know that this is okay for most people, but sometimes it's uncomfortable to share conversation over tea when you know someone can listen in on it. \u00a0bring your laptop, a book, a hobby, and a nice friend! what's a wonderful way to spend the day but in a worm hole.when i started dating my now gf last january i was introduced to wormhole. probably one of the top 5 reasons i fell in love with her is the discovery of this fantastic coffee shop. of course the vibe is fantastic, but the care the baristas take in making the delicious beverages is beyond. my order used to be the normal latte but i switched it up recently to the vanilla bean latte. they use vanilla bean paste - to die for. skip bongo room and just go here!great place to get homework done in wicker park. delicious coffee and teas. staff is very friendly and the patrons tend to be equally as friendly, i've been here on several occasions for over 6 hours for homework-cramming and have never had an issue. my only reason for taking away a star is that last time i was here, i was sitting on a couch and developed full body hives... not sure how often they clean the couches or which chemicals are used. i'll be careful not to wear shorts next time, and definitely not to sit on a couch.i got to wormhole in a quickie, and ate a delicious cookie. oh, and i must mention the coffee. mocha, cocoa, honey bear, citrus, and vanilla beannnnn...(please sing in lucky charms tune). but really, this place is where the magic happens - people watching, talking, working (ew), sipping, slurping, and maybe even some chugging (yes, the coffee is that dang good).i squirmed my way into wormhole on a sunday evening and i couldn't be more in love with it now. it's definitely my favorite coffee shop in chicago. i'm actually not a regular coffee drinker (cue shock), but when i do drink coffee, it better not be bitter like some other coffee made by a green \"regal\" lady. wormhole uses amazing halfwit coffee, and mannn does it hit the spot. their drinks are absolutely delicious. i do love me some regulars - cappuccino, mocha, lattes, but their specialty drinks are particularly delicious. and if you don't like that strong stuff (in the alcohol world, the equivalent of everclear), then their specialty drinks are mmm, mmm, good (think of smirnoff ice. c'mon men, you know it's delish). my favorite specialty drink is the honey bear latte, but i've heard great things about the peanut butter chocolate.but that's not all lovers and friends, wormhole and fritz pastry 'bout to do it again. yup, that's right - they sell fritz pastries. and though i literally live 4 blocks away from fritz itself, there's something about pairing these delicious pastries with wormhole's amazing coffee. i would definitely recommend getting a pastry, cookie, cupcake, or any of that sugary magicalness. my personal favorite is the chocolate chip cookie with pretzels on it. it's salty and sweet and absolutely delicious.the coffee and bakery items are great, and even though the staff was nice to me, i can tell it wasn't genuine and didn't feel welcome at all. as soon as i walked in, i was stared down at by everyone in the shop. it's pretty obvious that if you don't fit the \"hipster\" criteria, they don't really want you to hang around. i stayed anyway to get some work done despite the noisy environment. nonetheless, the layout is pretty dope and the coffee is delicious.okay so the place is amazing, i love the vintage set up of it and of course the ever so famous delorean! next the coffee was so good! i ordered the koopa troopa, i love the unique mix of peanut butter and dark cocoa (best of both worlds) i would love to try the other coffee that they offer. i also tried the huge cookie but wasn't so much impressed with it but anyway, over all it was a great coffee experience! def my fave coffee shop!big shout to the wormhole for 1. letting me bring in my dog and 2. vegan donuts. \u00a0good coffee, better staff.whenever i have visitors come in from out of town, i take them here. wormhole's decor, trendy location in the wicker park neighborhood, and tasty drinks are guaranteed to make out-of-towners fall in love with chicago. i can't really say i am a regular here - i live too far from this area for that - but when i do go, i really enjoy the peanut koopa troopa and the vanilla bean latte. the drinks are not overly sweet but are made just right. i wished i lived closer so i could go everyday.fun happening place akin to a non-corporate starbucks. great nerdy/geeky decor that looks like it was ripped out of the big bang theory. but the highlight of it all is the coffee!it's all about the americano and the peanut butta koopa troopa! these are my go-tos and i've never found the need to try anything else. though i'd imagine it'd be just as good if i did. if you're looking for a spot to spend $5 on coffee. this is it. i especially love the artistry on their cream. i've seen flowers, roses, smiley faces, hearts and a stormtroopers head made and it's all very impressive.great coffee shop, with the best aroma of coffee i've ever smelt in a coffee shop. you smell the coffee outside the doors, all around their outdoor seating.they offer a vast variety of brews, with little-to-no dark roast selections. i almost always choose dark roasts, and was hesitant to order, given their absent dark-roast selection; however, the medium roasts were amongst the best i've ever had... even when juxtaposed with some of my favorite dark blends. the space is open and airy. the prices are on point. the shop sells knick knacks. this is one of my favorite cafes.i heard nothing but good things about wormhole. i even heard that it was supposedly the best cafe in chicago. i came here very eagerly to try the supposed \"best cafe in chicago\" as well as pick up some halfwit.the cashier was a bit snooty. the place wasn't unusually busy and it wasn't at an unreasonable time (4:30 pm) so i don't know what that was about. in fact, the whole place gave off a strange, buy-and-get-the-hell-out kind of vibe, which is unusual from everything i've read. i got the peanut butter koopa troopa (i normally get a cappuccino but i figured, why not do something different.) i didn't see pourovers on the menu but i did see chemexes on the merch table. (strange how the more pretentious cafes don't do pourovers. when you brew coffee with a kettle, that earns you the right to be a dingleberry.) i also got some kenya alimu halfwit, which i'm excited to try in my chemex.my girlfriend got the chai, which came fresh from a powder. my koopa was one of the tastiest things i've ever gotten from a coffee shop.due to the powdered chai and strange vibe, i gotta knock off a star. i'm definitely willing to return though.edit: the gm messaged me and went into detail about how there are, indeed, pourovers; i thought they didn't do them, so that was my mistake. he was a friendly guy who cares about his shop, so i'm bumping this review up to five stars. especially since the halfwit kenya alimu beans i bought were really, really good. probably my favorite beans i've gotten in chicago.wifi adequate but make sure you nab a seat at the tables to get in vicinity of any plugs. i won't lie; the baristas are cute and sometimes chatty. vanilla latte and honey bear latte are popular and soothing choices. the banana-pudding flavored \"cosby\" was a surprisingly mellow winter drink. the \"cool but rude\" with spices and curry powder can be kind of too sweet but you can always ask them to make any drink with less sugar. the coffee is strong but *do not buy the cascara coffee-cherry tea* that they sell in the bags. it's about $10 and you will be disappointed. it tasted nothing like coffee nor tea, but like wine. in the summer they have an iced drink called \"rocket sauce\" that's a combination of ginger, lemon and mate. it tastes like a lightly sweetened lemony ice tea.i was there once til closing and they gave pastries away for free :-)cool decor, less-than-average coffee, subpar baristas. as i waited for my americano, i listened to the barista tell another customer how he is moving away and he had \"completely checked out\". unfortunately it was very evident in the 2 beverages i ordered. my wife & i love coffee & will make-do with anything but the coffee was so bad, my wife threw her's away after 2 sips & it was just an americano. the 80's decor didn't make the coffee taste better, but it was fun to look at!first time going there and i really liked it. definitely one of the best coffee shops in the city, i got the americano and i thought it was good. i tried the honey bear latte as well and it was delicious. i really like the whole 80s theme. i can't wait to go back and try something new.my only complaint is it being too far from where i live.i love the chai latte and the coffee here! i've tried their ice coffee with soy milk and vanilla soy latte so far and it's all been great. i love the decor - they have a delorean car model in the cafe and a bunch of cool gadgets referencing classic movies and games.they also have a punchcard where if you get ten drinks, you qualify for a free drink! i'm definitely interested coming back and getting more punchholes!back when i used to live in wicker park, this was my go-to spot! the delorean that they have is as cool as it gets, and the retro decor brings me back to good times. i recently went with my boyfriend, who is a die-hard back to the future fan, and he was psyched. service is always good, even cheerfully accommodating to special requests. i've never gotten anything i didn't like. they also have retro video games open for anyone to play, so it's a great place to meet people and chill. the only downer is that the last couple of times i've been there, it was full so there was no seating space, so we've had to leave after getting our coffee. hopefully next time it won't be so busy so we can hang out!amazing drinks. i had the koopa troopa and the honey bear latte. love the video game aesthetic of the place. it is packed most of the time so don't expect the best seatinggreat ambience for getting some work or studying done. most importantly, they're open till 11pm today while most other caf\u00e9s in the neighborhood close around 8pm. as someone who gets off work at 6 and gets home by 7, this place is pretty much my only option. recommended drink: honey bear lattewho doesn't love a coffee shop with the bttf delorean inside and who makes intricate artwork in your tasty latte foam? i'm impressed!final verdict:local indie coffee shop i love to stop in at any time i'm perusing milwaukee ave!!i must admit, i am mostly reviewing the wormhole with the romantic image engrained in my mind upon my initial few visits in 2011. i remember meeting james (?) who was/is the owner (?) when it first opened. they were even giving free t-shirts away to publicize the spot. i still wear mine to bed. it's a \"hipster\" size small and hugs me in places i wish it didn't, but that's another story... i recently moved back to chicago, and returned to the wormhole a couple times since. wormhole has become incredibly popular (yay for them!)... and rightfully so! however, while their coffee and pastries have remained solid and their baristas are friendly, it gets so crowded/ busy at times that my sipping-coffee-and-reading-a-book-sundays are increasingly difficult to enjoy. (i swear, it's that delorean! love it for its kitsch, but geez that attracts so many people there.) though i still have a special place in my coffeehouse heart for the wormhole, luckily when it gets too hectic to hang out, i can hop to other wicker park/bucktown spots for a little less traffic.many people remark on how awesome this place is for their atmosphere and decor. i mean, they have a delorean! but, for people who like coffee, this place is just as awesome. i'm not talking about their lattes, which are great, believe me, but their simple, just-coffee coffee. a simple pour-over may seem a bit trivial to some, but the technique and the measurements and the timing all adds to how that cup of coffee will taste, and wh has yet to disappoint. even with beans from roasters that i've visited and tried the original roast, the flavors are on point and wonderful. the quirky atmosphere is a little pleasure to the wonderful cups of coffee you can get here, and i will keep coming back week after work for a good brew.honey bear latte iced or hot, just makes my day!!! i love going here when i'm on my weekend stroll around the neighborhood. i also always bring friends and family who are in town visiting to check out wh. \u00a0it's just such a fun place to enjoy some good coffee.if you like lattes and 80s memorabilia, then look no further than the wormhole. the lattes and pastries are tasty, and some are even vegan-friendly. try the homemade vanilla bean latte or the peanut butter koopa troopa (if you want something a bit more unusual...and super mario themed).it can be difficult to get a seat, as the shop has a steady stream of customers, many of whom tend to linger. but when you can enjoy your coffee and get work done in the company of a delorean, who can blame them for lingering?+++i was extremely impressed with the friendly staff++- i liked the koompa troopa, would have never thought to mix peanut butter, chocolat and coffee product, but it works, it does not need sugar+they let you linger around all daythe wife liked the honey/milk latte, it does not need sugariced coffee was regular-(although minor) they ran out of sugar and cream, i guess there wasn't constant upkeepits like a computer cluster (for those who went to college before 2006) with a lot of lingereres it is very difficult to get a seat if you don't get there earlya sucker is born every minute and i am a sucker for bizarre combos of food and drink. i debated between the pb koopa troopa (for some reason, i kept want to say chupacabra, a legendary folklore animal), and the ginger+curry latte... can't remember the name. anyway, i wanted something a bit sweeter and opted for that pb version. the girl who worked at the counter assured both are permanent items so i'll have to go back to try the other.while sipping, i see the baristas weigh their coffee beans. is that how they \u00a0ensure precision for each cup? coffee nerds rejoice! i could be wrong, i don't know, they just might be doing something else, but man, it is good.hoping they'll continue to make other interesting creations. i missed out on my chance in south korea to sample the mozzerella latte and sweet potato. (hint, hint)thundercats. alf. ghostbusters. tmnt. e.t. for nostalgic purposes, i'm going a fiver. \"which way does the line go?\" would be my only gripe on a busy day. but other than that...this place is magic. #fact.i've been to wormhole twice (and counting) now. my first visit was on a rare sunday off work and i decided on a whim that driving 25 miles from palatine to wormhole's city digs for chai was a completely normal and not-so-inconvenient thing. a practical jedi, i am not. was it worth it? #ubetcha!i even strayed outside my usual beverage comfort zone (the largest size chai tea latte w/soy) for the wormhole's seasonal treat: chai-der. supakewt name + supadelish blend of chai tea and hot apple cider = a blissful afternoon into evening for this little mogwai.a coffee shop that is also the home to a back to the future delorean?what else do you need to know? \u00a0that they also have a nes set up with games and a couch for your gaming pleasure?oh, that they have a peanut butter koopa troopa latte that will take you to peanut butter heaven? that their baristas are actually worth paying $4-5 for a latte? \u00a0artists, i tell ya! \u00a0i appreciate artwork in my lattes.that their chai tea latte is so good they should of named a spice girl after it? \u00a0wormhole chai spice? \u00a0no? \u00a0yea, i lost myself there, too...it was working in my head for a minute.i could go on, but really what else do you need to know? \u00a0if i'm telling you it's good, well then it's damn good. \u00a0worm your way over to wormhole for some drinkable artwork in a mug.*don't forget to pick up a punch card for future visits, because you will be back.i stop by this place every time i'm in the area, so i think it's about time i give it five stars. yes, they have good coffee, let's get that out of the way. most cafes have decent enough coffee, right? onto the stuff that makes wormhole unique enough that you should visit whenever you can. drinks: i always love trying out what's \"exclusive\" to any place, and wormhole has some pretty cool drinks. the honey bear latte tastes like a warm cup of honey nut cheerios. i love peanut butter and chocolate as much as anyone, but i appreciate that the peanut butter koopa troopa still tastes like coffee and not like one giant reese's cup. the cool but rude has such a \"clean\" spice that's refreshing even in a hot drink. space: this is a cafe you want to hang around in, not just grab your drink and go. if all the cool nerd art isn't capturing your attention, grab a seat on the couch and watch whoever's playing super nintendo attempt to reach the next level in mario. or just space out and listen to the great music pumpin through the speakers at a reasonable volume. your choice. if i'm anywhere near this place, i make a point to stop by. you should too.there's a reason wormhole coffee has been on america's best coffee 'peanut butter koopa troopa' says it quite well.it's a quirky place with a lot of random things hanging on the walls and nestled in places that you might have grown up with. very hipster like atmosphere.there's not as much place to sit about as you'd expect of such a popular place, but everyone is friendly enough to share a couch or table with you if you've a mind to work there for a while.i've indulged in tea here, since it is my go to drink, but have also enjoyed their honey bear latte.i've tried to find this place twice already. driving around in circles, on milwaukee ave, with no luck at finding it. is this place real? \u00a0and can i play wow here?i love this coffee shop! it's got the car from back to the future on the back wall and is a great place to unwind with a coffee with a friend for get some work done. very hip and excudes a great vivegreat looking cafe, it a shame staff sucks. they were rude and didn't know how to make the coffee i wanted. the woman that made the coffee had no idea what she was doing. it was 10 degrees outside. i ordered a espresso. i asked to add some warm to it to bring down the temperature,but not ice. ice to coffee brings up the acidity level and make ice steaming coffee more bitter. espresso is bitter enough. she had no idea what i was talking about it take the coffee people probably a good 15 minutes to make, but all them had a great conversations and joking around. hello, trying working.cute spot with lots of memorabilia and unique drink choices, along with the classics. super packed and not much free seating! when we visited, drinks were significantly backed up, but the cashier let us know beforehand, in case we didn't want to wait.we came for the delorean. it was glorious. since we were there already, we sipped tiny macchiatos and nibbled on pastries (a vegan apple pop tart and a black raspberry macaron). the wifi was plentiful as evidenced by the droves of young people with laptops at the tables. and the whole place is a feast for the geeky eyes. see if you can spot marvin the martian or the millenium falcon.i love the wormhole; they captured my heart with two things:1. \u00a0the cosby. \u00a0a hot or iced coffee drink that tastes like banana pudding.2. \u00a0an old school tv with vintage nintendo video games. \u00a0we played a bit of super mario for awhile.i think we were the only ones feeling the warm fuzzies. \u00a0i think we may have been the only ones with functioning emotions - the ability to hug, tear ducts that work, and hearts that beat. \u00a0all of the patrons in here were robotic! \u00a0they were mostly leeching on the wifi and barely moved. \u00a0i'm not sure if some of them were even breathing. \u00a0on top of being wifi leeches, some people here were careless about taking up large amounts of space at large tables and on the sofa. \u00a0welcome to the wormhole, you do not exist.we almost got our drinks to go (one cosby and one \"koopatroopa,\" a chocolate peanut butter beverage), but we spied some open seats in the back and got really lucky when some mindless drones left the sofa. \u00a0i decided it was time to go once we had both huffed and puffed a little too loudly after losing at super mario a few too many times.i like that the place is decorated in 80s memorabilia. \u00a0i excitedly pointed at the lunchboxes when i recognized the \"beauty and the beast\" one that i carried in second grade. \u00a0the fake delorean on display is pretty cool too, and if you didn't already catch this, the beverages have fun names that reflect the 80s as well.good theme. \u00a0great coffee. \u00a0lots of robots, i mean hipsters, camping out on macs. \u00a0it was time to pack up my rainbows and sunshine and move along.very cool 80s themed coffee shop. you have a few different crowds that cycle through and there's a bit for everyone. large community tables make study and work possible if you can tune out the noise, the bar by the coffee roasters is a good place to read too. they also have a tv in the back with old games and nooks at the front and back of the shop with couches for larger groups to sit together. whether you're stopping by to hang out with friends, waiting for the bongo room or a quick sip of coffee it's very comfortable and relaxing.i'm currently in here sitting on one of the most uncomfortable couches i've ever had the misfortune of sitting on (in an oscars race it'd probably get a nomination but the statue will end up going to another god forsaken couch), but it's worth it right? completely.wormhole is such a gem of a place and conveniently located steps away from the damen blue line stop. at any given night you can be shoulder to shoulder with a couple on a first date, a local catching up on some reading, or a student (me) frantically trying to finish a 15 pg paper before a looming deadline. it has the kind of unique decor that seamlessly blends together cool, kitschy, and comfortable. \u00a0there are plenty of seating but expect none of them to be too forgiving on your bum and a lot of people \u00a0that are forced to sit on chairs end up placing their drinks and plates on the floor. errrrrr, food on the floor? i don't know about that. the ambience of the place makes up for most of the shortcomings though.and the drinks! reasonably priced and (the ones i've had) really satisfying. they have a \"top five players\" list consisting of what i'm assuming is their most popular drinks: homemade vanilla bean, honey bear latte, peanut butter koopa troopa, cool but rude, and smoke signals. all good and worth trying (and all below $5) but i'm finding it hard to really say anything else about them. not unique enough, i guess? solid nonetheless. a well-deserved four stars for the friendly/quick service, the 80's decor complete with calvin + hobbes art in the restrooms, and overall ambience. oh! the walking dead's steven yeun (glenn) swung by here a couple of weeks ago also.i'm a regular here. they have great coffee, multiple different kinds of seating options [from couches to bar stools], friendly baristas, tons of outlets, and an 80's sci-fi kitsch explosion that suits my nerdy-tinged tastes. great pastries and nostalgia inducing breakfast cereals.clientele range from the daily commuter getting a to-go coffee to the all-day hacker, freelancer, or graduate student working on their latest project. \u00a0mostly 20s-30s crowd of hipsters, intellectuals, \"outdoorsy\"/hippy/yoga-lovers, and some norm-cores. dude-bros mostly absent, thankfully!it can be super busy especially on weekends in the late morning hours when brunch-seekers are waiting for tables to open at the near-by bongo room, so be smart - get there early.great little coffee shop in wicker park! first impressions mean everything, and wormhole lived up the the hype. the space is huge and inviting: lots of seating, including tables and comfy couches. the food selection is everything you might expect from a good coffeehouse: lots of locally made baked goods. but the real stars at wormhole are, of course, the espresso drinks. i almost always opt for a regular latte or cappuccino, but i took the recommendation and went with a \"specialty drink\" since all of the flavours are made in house. the vanilla latte did not disappoint! just the right amount of sweetness, great taste, and smooth espresso. yum!(late and non local customer)the wormhole was my first coffee shop stop in chicago when i visited over the summer duringa cross country road trip. i definitely was not disappointed. the decor (the de lorean) has to be one of the best in any shop ever. i got to talking to the barista chris(? lost my notes so i may be totes off) he walked me through his coffee journey and how he's lived in all lower 48 and was moving and looking to get out of the coffee game after 10 years. dude was super nice and pulled a really nice pour over. he even cracked open one of their new single origins for me to smell and holy shit it smelled more blueberry than the freshest blueberries. the decor, the video games, the atmosphere, the baristas and the manual brew won't disappoint. if you were to come to only one shop in the chicago area, this is it.ok, so maybe it's hipster heaven in here - but they make one hell of a good cup of coffee.i have been going to wormhole coffee for a while now, and every time i go in i wonder how they got that delorean in there. like, was it brought in pieces? did the employees all carry it in through the door? is it one of those things where it's really small and you put it in water and it gets bigger? i need to know, but i'm terrified to ask. besides my constant fear that everything i say is stupid, i also wonder if it'll lose the appeal once i know the truth. it's like, do i watch the x-files all the way to the end, or stop watching when everyone tells me it gets bad? i don't know what to do, you guys. anyway, the coffee's good, the staff is super nice, and they play good music. it's a great place to hang out, write some sad short fiction, check your email, or stare at the wall and think about your life.there's something about sipping on a peanut butter chocolate coffee drink while playing old school nintendo that makes me grin.don't be afraid to snuggle with all your fellow geeks because wormhole seems to always be elbow to elbow. pro tip: duck hunt has a two person mode where 1 player can control the ducks.i walked in here on a saturday around 3pm on a nice day and it had a lot of customers but the service was fairly quick. it had a cool retro decor with a lot of references to movies like star wars, back to the future and gremlins. i had the koopa troopa and it was deliciously refreshing. they had a few sofas and tables for seating and in the back of the shop under the delorean was an old television with super mario bros, on some old game console i don't know, for customers to play with. also, the cashier guy had a cool cat shirt and was very nice. in all, i would totally go back for another coffee to explore the place some more.after randomly stumbling upon this place, i was instantly surprised by the interior and how awesome it was! it's a really unique coffee shop, with a 1980's/90's feel. complete with an old apple desktop!i chose the honey bear latte, which was perfect! a hint of honey, not too overpowering, and it's just delicious. highly recommend this place! the baristas were very nice, so if you want to explore the menu they're patient. definitely a great place, i'll be back next time i'm in chicago.this is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. they're open super freaking early, and they stay open till super freaking late. till around 11 pm, which is unheard of. also-- the coffee is amazing. i'm not much of a coffee drinker, but i definitely get either their honey bear latte or the vanilla bean latte whenever i'm here. they also make great espresso shots! they make really good chai too. the reason i love this place is because there are so many convenient places to work here. they have a communal table with chargers and free wi-fi. i love wormhole, and i'm not writing much about it because you can see everyone else loves it too :) it gets crowded fast though, so come early so you don't have to stake out for a seat.tried this place on a recommendation from my sister's roommate while i was visiting my sister in chicago. i needed a place to hang out for the day and get some work done, and this was a wonderful place to do it!i'm not incredibly familiar with chicago, but i was told the neighborhood is fairly hipster and this place oozed quirkiness. this was immediately apparent when they told me the wifi password was on the floppy disk. they have a full sized delorean in the back, as well as a tv with an nes hooked up and a few couches.i sat down near the back where i found a spot and there were many other people there working hard (or hardly working?). it was fairly quiet but had a good bustle coming in and out, so definitely not silent.i had a latte and a cinnamon roll and both were solid. i was hoping for some warm food, but i didn't see any on the menu which was my own fault for not checking it before i went.definitely recommended for the ambiance and being a great place to work! the food and drink weren't amazing, but definitely not bad and i would visit again.the coffee here is legit. decor is entertaining and original, and service is good. the honey bear latte is quite possibly the best latte i've ever had. it was smooth and creamy, and cut the acidity of the coffee well. it wasn't ridiculously sweet so that i can still taste all the natural elements of coffee and milk. all in all a well done beverage.wormholians are probably not going to be happy with my a-ok rating, but it's my truth. i judge a coffee shop by more that just its coffee. if my review were just about coffee, then sure it would be a solid 4 stars. and the people behind the counter are super friendly too. i feel like wormhole has an identity issue. it wants to be hipster hangout/artisan coffee joint/1980s nostalgia market. it's confusing, the feng shui is off kilter and i don't even fully understand feng shui, i just know when it's off. pick an identity and run with it. here's my unsolicited advice: if you are going to have 80s memorabilia, then at least display the nicely maintained pieces, not the smurf and gremlins who look like they went to all night binger and fell in the sewer. i went there to study and get my sf ritual coffee fix. apparently, ritual was just a visiting roaster and they are gone now. insert sad face on this san franciscan. coffee good. get it to go. atmosphere weird.after a series of weekends filled up with to-do's, our idea of adventure was finding a neighborhood coffeeshop and just chilling out with good coffee over casual conversation! we found this place thanks to yelp and ended up spending 3 good hours and after a few good drinks, vowed to return soon! the only 1 missing star is because some of their cool seating is so old that we were sunken in and uncomfortable.came here on a recommendation from my glorious airbnb host, kirill :) i did not regret the visit. i felt as if i was transported back to my childhood. my old mac computer was converted to the cream/sugar coagulation station, posters of my favorite childhood films were up, even the lettering on the chalkboard menu was written in pac man fashion (the best video game in the whole world!).... this place kills it with their coffee chemistry obsession and 80's ambience. at the end of my coffee cup experience, i just wanted to run up to my hip bearded server and give him the biggest kiss! this place is a winner... #nailedit!10/10cute coffee shop that has a true vintage feel. they have an original nintendo in the back that you can actually play with some olddddddd school games. also an og mac computer in the front. the store is laid out well so that there are plenty of places to sit and study if need be. the couches in the back are great for catch up sessions with friends the coffee is very good as well!check this place outmaybe i'm too old for this place or not hipster enough. don't get me wrong the coffee is very good, but i can get metropolis coffee many other places nearby. i disliked that their large is truly a medium. i need a lot of coffee and that isn't going to cut it for me. \u00a0like any typical wicker park establishment, it's hipster-dominated and usually i'm fine with something about this place just rubs me the wrong way. \u00a0there are so many coffee joints within walking distance i find that myself frequenting others instead of wormhole.this is place is a geek's haven. i'm gonna be a regular here for as long as i'm in chicago. and fyi, they only serve coffee and a few muffins/cookies (they don't have a microwave). a detailed review coming soon.maybe one of the last cool places on milwaukee, the hipsters messed up the hood...killer vibes, super friendly staff, good drinks/snacks, and instant 5 star rating for having a delorean time machine in the shop.i'm in love. absolutely madly in love with the wormhole. it is my new favorite coffee shop! everything about it is fantastic! if you love the 80s. you, too, will fall deep in love with the wormhole.i've been wanting to go here for awhile and when i finally did i was anxious to see what an 80s coffee shop would be like and was kind of expecting to be let down. from the second i walked in and saw the delorean and all the cool 80s decor, i knew things were going to be good. it is a very hipster type of shop, it's in wicker park afterall, but the workers are amazing. hipsters i'm sure, but the non pretentious type which is always refreshing. i went on their one year anniversary so i actually got a free cupcake! awesome! and the cupcake was delicious.i'm having a hard time remembering exactly what type of coffee i got but i know it had something orange flavored in it. it was fantastic and they did that fancy schmancy coffee artwork in it. love it!after getting our coffees and cupcakes, we sat on the couch right in front of the tv. i had the same type of big ol' tv in my house growing up so that was fun. and we started playing nintendo! i think i impressed my friend with my super mario 3 skills. little did he know that i am a master of super mario 1 and 3 in nintendo and i totally owned him. i had no idea they had nintendo in the shop so that was a huge bonus! plus they had tons of games! i could have sat there for hours hogging the nintendo! suggestion...add a second couch/nintendo area so i don't feel so bad about playing for an hour straight while jealous onlookers eyeball me.then the music. ah yes, the music is amazing! i heard some journey, elton john, and a lot of the 80s classics. i absolutely love 80s music and would have loved to hear a little more of the less known 80s musics...maybe just some popular songs instead of just the mega hits! either way, it was totally amazing and i was annoying my friend greatly by singing along to everything.as i said, i'm totally in love with the wormhole! i'll be back and soon, taking all of my friends to this awesome coffee shop!great place to check out if you're in the area and want to get some work done. i loved the honey bear, i could taste the honey and coffee beans perfectly. barista's are solid, environment is comfy, and all the 80's nostalgia hits home for the alternative crowd. loved the music and volume, it was just right. definitely will come back!!!wormhole cafe is like a breath of fresh air. they care about their environmental impact and it shows! from a green standpoint:positives: the shop offers mugs and glassware to all of their dine-in customers. their to-go cups are made by a green company that relies on post consumer materials for production. they have recycling in shop, and have all of their drink add-ins (milk and sugar, etc.) in large refillable containers instead of the packaged single serving options. for their napkins, they have recycled paper, which is way more responsible than using virgin paper products. their baked goods are not wrapped in plastic, which is how a lot of coffee shops keep their pastries, and they serve all food on washable plates with silverware. negatives: there are those days that you go into the cafe and do see the majority of patrons with disposable cups... not sure if it is a specific employee who prefers it, but it would be great if it happened less. all and all, wormhole is a great example of how a company can keep their carbon footprint small and be responsible in their impact on the community.i felt like trying a new coffee spot since i was in the city and this place had some really good yelp reviews. i tried the peanut butter koopa troopa like many people recommended and i was not disappointed. i also got a sprinkles donut which was square shaped with a donut hole on top. i loved how dense and not super greasy the donut was. can't wait to go back here!needed a place to hang out for a few hours while working and waiting for my next meeting. \u00a0trusty yelp app, coffee/tea filter, and wormhole appears! \u00a0instead of running away as fast as possible (as suggested whenever the random wormhole appears), i bravely headed straight there... and to my delight, the adventure was wonderful.vanilla bean latte - $4 - beautiful and delicious, and the small was a perfect 8 oz of caffeine.free wifi - along with the caffeine, will allow me to get lots of research/work done (once i finish this review that is!)decor - there's a delorean with han solo in the back, nintendo 8 bit art on the walls, old school lunchboxes across the backwall, and even a little tv with a video game system hooked up for kids (and adults who never grew up) to play while relaxing on some comfy couches.this place is awesome. \u00a0it's a wormhole straight to my old school years of youth. \u00a0verdict: \u00a0check this place out... and i'm going to attempt to get back to work, as long that glowing triforce behind the coffee bar doesn't distract me too much.super cool coffer shop. took the l train all the way out to wicker just to check it out. has an 80's movie theme including a back to the future replica car. the entire decor is creative and fun and give a good comfortable coffee house vibe. very friendly staff. smiled and personable throughout our conversation which sadly is rare in independent coffee shops (even highly rated ones i find). the coffee was amazing. i got the honey bear latte with soy and couldn't have been happier. \u00a0perfect amount of froth and foam. so glad i checked it out!i gotta be real, it was 100% the staff that warrants this rating.the decor is ridic and will summon every lonely memory you had of the 80s(but like, in a good way).i ordered off the specialswhich were highly varied and interesting in their coffee treatment.i got the nelly. you know, because nelly.not for the coffee purist, but i have confidence that they know what they're doing.had i not been totally enchanted into ordering the nelly,and this will be the last time i say the nelly,i think it would have been a solid cup. fun staff,interesting atmosphere,lots of things to potentially ruin if you spilled.delish doughnut & amaze honey latte. 100% hit the spot. really nice staff too, i can't stand pretentious baristas, and you won't find them here. i'm super excited for their logan sq location so i can hit it up dailyi love the wormhole! i've been trying out new coffee shops all over chicago, and i always find myself back here when in wicker park. i don't know the name of this particular barista but he wears headbands, fun glasses, and is always singing. he makes ordering coffee an experience and makes bad ass designs in my cup.this place is popular so you won't always get a seat (mostly on the weekend) depending on the time of the day, but it's really artsy, and has a cool vibe. you can play super mario on the couch, admire the delorean, or just have a nice time catching up on a good read. the coffee is strong, they have a great variety of drinks, and syrups/sauces made in house.\"i am going back to the 80s, looking at the ladies \" -unknown.\"no, i do not look at anyone there while i eat, i am seen as the gay dude even though i am an asexual.. so, ha.. but anyways, why i put that quote up there? because once you get inside, you are taken to a time in which you do not remember, if you are the \"average age\" of a hipster, which is the customer base this coffee shop appeals to. most of the coffee and mocha and latte and etc. are served in small portions, however, it is more than enough to feel \"full\" after you finish it. i end up ordering whichever pastry is available on the glass counter next to where you pay. and it is worth getting, if you want something along with your drink. the appeal of this coffee shop is how it has memorabilia from the 80s, things that give out memories of pop culture from that decade. note that this shop is small, every time i enter it is almost at full-capacity, but that is because of its popularity. as well as there are bar stools that are quite okay, but for me they are uncomfortable since these are probably meant for tall people, i just sit on it anyways. so no complaints. summary: i definitely recommend, since i tend to appreciate small and local businesses whenever i can, \u00a0since starbucks and the like does become boring if you go there a lot.get the honey bear latte. one of the best i've had in ages! the couches are nice and it's always crowded. the teas are nice toothis is a quirky place! really good tea and coffee, i suggest stopping in for a drink.this was one of the first coffee shops that i visited after i had moved from washington, dc, where starbucks pervaded. wormhole could be considered a quintessential coffee shop, in my opinion, replete with big tables, couches, and chairs rather than small patio tables for two and wooden chairs. \u00a0wormhole serves really good coffee and offers to make a cup in a number of ways from aero press to french press. they take their coffee making very seriously. the pastries are on the pricey side and only taste average. wormhole has a good selection of coffee related products for sale, such as gooseneck kettles, tea diffusers, etc. even though wormhole is located in wicker park, which is teeming with hipsters everywhere, i can usually find a place to sit when i go which has been at different times during the weekday and weekend.i may have died and gone to 80's nerd heaven! we stopped in here while waiting for brunch at bongo room - what a great way to kill time. it's awesome. the drinks were all excellent - mine was most amazing... the peanut butter koopa-troopa. pb and chocolate mocha. mmmmm.the decor is 80's pop culture - including a back to the future style delorean, old mac computer and a tmnt.add in friendly staff and this place is perfect.while i don't drink much coffee, i stopped in here with a buddy before a long day in the city. he reassured me that even if i don't like coffee, i will love the peanut butter koopa trooper. i couldn't pass up on such an awesomly nostalgic name like that. the coffee was delicious, and it was a great start to a long day.the atmosphere is hipster and nostalgic. they have old posters, action figures, toys and even a delorean on display. their menu board is decorated with classic video game artwork, and they use an ipad as their register. there is an nes in the back, but it is has always been occupied when i have been there. if you enjoy coffee or just want a neat place to kill an hour or two, i would recommend the wormhole.aside from the cool, step back in time this place is, you must try their peanut butterkoopa troopa. omg!!!!!!!!!!!if you love peanut butter... if you love coffee... if you love lattes...you'll love it!!reviews brought me here, and i wasn't disappointed. i had the cool but rude latte, and it was incredible. the curry was spicy, not too overpowering, and there was honey too i think? highly recommend.wormhole offers a variety of pastries and drinks that are very tasty. i always order a black cold brew with easy ice no matter how cold it is outside or what coffee shop i end up at. wormhole hands down has one of the best cold brew coffees that i have tried. i savored and enjoyed every sip of it. the coffee was smooth and delicious. one friend that i came with ordered the bedrock and peanut koopa troopa, while the other one ordered the honey bear latte. i had some of both of the drinks and pleasantly enjoyed both of them. ambiance a+ hipster 80s chic overall, i had a really great experience. great food and drinks, cool ambiance, wonderful customer service and delorean! haha. will be coming back again.i was really excited to check out the wormhole since i wanted to play super mario on their nes and check out the delorean. \u00a0so, my boyfriend and i stopped by saturday afternoon after attending a cooking class in the area.first of all, it was packed and there weren't any places for us to sit. \u00a0this turned out to be a good thing since the ambiance was way too hipster for us. \u00a0i did enjoy the look to the place and that they were playing old school rap music. \u00a0\"work it\" by missy elliott was playing when i got in and i chuckled at the sight of hipsters rocking out to it. \u00a0i didn't think a place like that would play that kind of music. \u00a0but, i digress...as for the beverages, i went with the iced koopa troppa, which is a latte with just the right hint of peanut butter mousse. \u00a0i liked the little bits of peanut butter crunch that i tasted while drinking it. \u00a0my boyfriend got an espresso, which he had to drink in store since they don't offer it to go. \u00a0he enjoyed it as well.overall, the coffee was good, but i wasn't digging the atmosphere. \u00a0i'm glad i got to try it, but i'm not rushing back anytime soon.nothing significant to add. great coffee, great hangout spot. who doesn't want to sip & study with a delorean dangling above their head and a nintendo at their fingertips?ladies if you take your hipster/artsy/comic-loving geeky guy here he will respect you forever. great coffee, quirky/artsy atmosphere. you find a lot of creative types in here which always inspires me, so you can find me writing in here from time to time- got to love unlimited wireless w/ purchase. also they always make a foam heart in my latte, that makes me really happy.my friends and i snuck in here to grab a pick-me-up after stuff eating our weight in sushi. my friend ended up getting the honey bear latte and it tasted great. the latte art was a great touch!the interior of wormhole coffee is awesome...it has a futuristic-vintage feel to if that makes any sense. if i lived closer i could totally see myself coming here to grab a cup o coffee while studying. hit it up!came here while we were waiting for a table at umami burger. the ambiance was eclectic and neat. we ended up just playing mario in the back. i felt like perhaps, there were less than 15 people when we arrived, however finding seating was incredibly difficult. i wouldn't recommend it for a large group (by large i mean, 3 or more) trying to catch up over coffee. the cappuccino was average. and my ginger tea was good. i almost wish they would have brought the drinks out to us. because balancing that tea strainer contraption was a little scary.it is a cool spot. not sure if i'll be back.with all the 80's stuff going on here, my favorite has to be the old school tv with some super mario brothers 3. \u00a0brings back memories, except i only had a nintendo and \u00a0a tv where you had to change the channels with pliers. \u00a0with comfy couches and a stack of nes games, i liked this place right away. \u00a0they had 80's music, posters, and even the back to the future delorean. \u00a0they also have large communial tables, with plenty of people enjoying the free wifi on their macbooks. \u00a0i liked the couch area and had a blast playing some super nintendo.great metropolis coffee and i think i saw some pie from hoosier mama. \u00a0i happened to go on the day of their 1 year anniversary, so they had complimentary mini cupcakes fritz pastry had sent over. \u00a0great lattes and an awesome place to enjoy it.the wormhole is the sort of place that belongs in wicker park. very hipster.the environment is fun- lots of places to sit, video game posters on the wall, delightfully nerdy. \u00a0i ordered an espresso macchiato (current drink of choice), and they told me that my drink couldn't be taken to go. they said that the paper cup ruined the taste of the drink. i thought that was a little bit different, but i enjoyed drinking my drink inside and people watching.they have plenty of other to go options for those who can't stay.they weren't as fast as many of the coffeehouses i've been to, but they made everything specially by hand with awesome latte art. i would go back.this is my friend's favorite coffee spot - she's obsessed, and finally took me there today. i admit i'm not a big coffee drinker unfortunately - not because i don't enjoy it but i pretty much am guaranteed an upset stomach when i drink it. their menu was tempting though - specialty lattes like honey bear and peanut butter chocolate wooed me in, along with the mainstays. but i spotted the hot cocoa and felt safe with that.and the mark of a sophisticated coffee spot is not just when they pour the milk in art shaped le1aves or designs on their lattes, but when they do the same thing on their hot chocolate! my hot cocoa came with latte art - yes, they literally won me over with their latte art heart. i'll post a picture later.i liked my hot cocoa so much i just needed to try a sip of the coffee too because that was their specialty. i risked an upset stomach and had a sip of my friend's vanilla latte - it was delicious - complexly balanced and also donned a pretty topping. i would definitely recommend this place!my now-girlfriend and i came here for a hot chocolate \"nightcap\" after our first date. wormhole was basically first date, pt. 2. the dinner was a more serious setting, so it felt perfect to come to more fun, laid-back place where we both felt completely at ease. i thought the nerdy 80's centric theme of everything was really cool. the delorean was clearly the standout, which is mentioned in most reviews here (and rightly so). i definitely nerded out a bit, which is probably for the best, because i didn't scare my date away. heh. we had some trouble finding a place to sit. at ~8:30 pm on a weekday evening it was really packed with hipsters and their various idevices. we were lucky enough to get a spot on a couch near a bunch of nerdy comic books, so we enjoyed reading those long after the atmosphere is fairly loud, so we had some trouble carrying on a conversation. it seems a little weird to me that the music is pretty loud because it seemed like the vast majority of people there were there to get work done (not to play video games, which are available toward the back, or read comics, like us). that being said, this place is near and dear to my heart. also, the character is very \"wicker park,\" for what that's worth.not sure what the hype is about this place. the coffee tastes burnt, similar to starbucks. their honey bear latte, which i kept hearing is one of the more popular lattes, is meh. the decor is cool. but that's about it!i read the wormhole coffee logo in a sticker: \u00a0wooo whoa wooo whoaunique drink on chicagoland: \u00a0tomahawk -- matcha latte with spice (feel the kick at the back of your throat or tonsil).think of a cross between the cantina in star wars and the tavern on battlestar galactica. they serve metropolis roasted coffee and they do it very very well. i have to admit that they serve the best tasting cappuccino i have ever tasted in my life. no shit!all the other stuff like the delorean and the star wars memorabilia and shit is all cool. it's not really a place to kick back and chill because everyone is just wired out of their minds on java and bits & bytes. it is straight out of the matrix.i love this place and so will you.enjoytried cocoa($2.5 8oz) and vanilla latte($4.0 8oz). \u00a0the 12oz one is $0.5 extra.they have punch card. one free cup after 10 drinks. will try the peanut butter one next time.both tasted great. look very classy with the latte art !price on the menu included tax. they let you choose tip option(15% 18% 20% or none)when pay with credit card...everything 80s. back to the future replica delorean. lockers. old console games. drinks with names like the koopatroopa (my favorite, it would be called the buckeye back home). castle greyskull. hey, look, almond, coconut and rice milk as options! because this isn't starbucks or ohio. i come here just about every visit to chicago. so should you.i just got coffee. the coffee was good, not exceptional, but good. the chairs are comfy to lounge around in. they've got some books you can thumb through.if i were a worm looking to drink some bomb caffeinated drinks surrounded by hipsters and nonhipsters (me) alike, this is the wormhole i'd crawl through. so cool. feels almost like a time machine. old school lunchboxes adorning one wall, a race car resting atop the loft on another, and a small niche in the cafe devoted to a nintendo. nintendo! seats are abundant with sofas, bar seats, window seats, and table seats, so whatever your looking to do while there is accommodated to! i first tried the pb koopa troopa hot, and it was as yummy as it was instagrammabley pretty #latteart. later on during my study sesh i tried the iced chai latte per the baristas recommendation. yum. tasted like horchata. so all in all, this place was a win. definitely check it out. if not for the fun atmosphere and great drinks, at least for the free wifi with a cute wifi password! enjoyyyy!try the \"cool but rude\" ginger/curry latte. fantastically delicious, not rude at all.so good! such a cool spot. \u00a0the quality of coffee was amazing, and the food options were delightful.this place is the worst. while filter cafe was closed for two weeks i had to go to wormhole, as it was basically the only cafe that was open late (past 7 pm when i get off work). i've been there about 10 times.almost every time you go in about 90-95% of people are quietly studying/working. when i was there, there were about 50 people in the cafe and only 4 werent working quietly. however the staff insist upon blasting music at a ridiculous level. if everyone is just here to work, for whose benefit are you playing music abnoxiously loud, other than your own??every time i come in this is the case. i wear bose noise cancelling headphones and have my volume up to 80% on a heavy noise \"blizzard\" track on repeat to block noise. however i can still hear mystikals \"shake ya ass\" blaring loud and clear the whole way through. i had asked a staff member once if they could \u00a0turn down the music and they looked at me for a while then said ...sure.. they turned the music down about 5% and before i had returned to my seat they turned it back up. when i asked a second time and pointed out nearly everyone was quietly studying, she did the same thing. when i sat back down she was whispering to get coworker who was looking at me and started laughing.the staff here have an outwardly snide attitude towards customers. they smile at you while they turn their ipad asking for a tip, but then glare at you if you leave your coffee on the bar for more than a minute when it's ready (because you have to crank the volume on your iphone to cancel their music).i would only come to this place as a last resort.. when nothing else is open.how cool is this place? great prices on coffee ($3 for a pint of cold brew), with a wonderful outdoor area, and ample space to chill inside. but perhaps the best part was the great staff, so quick and knowledgable. the barista with the awesome beard gave me tons of tips for the best places in the area on top of my order. i didn't catch your name, but thanks so much for the great experience!friendly staff, awesome honey latte, free wifi, and lots of seating. what more could you ask for from a coffee shop? how about charming 80s/90s decor (sounds gimmicky but it's sincere in its geekiness) and smashing pumpkins' adore album playing on the sound system? swoon.really great coffee place! for me, coffee is more of an art, and this place deliver it just right. i wish there is more selection of the danish, but if you come here for the coffee and hang out. this is a pretty cool place, it has upstair, small patio and the main room itself. one of my fav to go for sure!i went here for the first time and loved it! prices are reasonable, and there are plenty of seats and outlets to plug in your computer. if you come often, you can get a punch card and earn a free drink after 10 purchases.came here to charge my phone...hey! don't judge me, haha.buy seriously, this place is pretty cool. i totally dig the retro-nostalgia theme they've got going on. is that a delorean i spot in the back? overall, the ambiance is pretty chill, very quiet. there's limited seating though. i had to squeeze myself over by the door in order to find a spot with a working outlet, so i wouldn't recommend groups coming here. their drink selections sound interesting, so if i come back i'll definitely have to try them out.4.5 starsit's a pretty hip place in hip town.carries adequate quality of coffee and good chai latte.their macaron's huge (literally), but tastes good too.ambience is great for casual reading and studying.they also have nintendo on the back which is available to everyone.overall, a great place to either sit down, relax or study.oh btw free wifi.solid space as far as decor goes, nice throwback to the 80's. delorean/delorean replica hangs over the back wall. old school tube tv in the back area where you can play super nintendo video games.i've never had any troubles and every employee has always been super friendly and engaging. if you're having trouble deciding/figuring out your way, just ask for a recommendation. the honey bear latte is my favorite and a good go to unless you want just black coffee. they brew half wit but i don't drink much coffee just straight black so i couldn't touch on that. go in and see for yourself?looking for the wifi password? hunt down the floppy disks which are usually near the drink hand off point at the espresso bar, the wifi password printed on them.i don't live in the neighborhood but i find myself making the trip for a honey bear latte (the koopa troopa is also a great choice). i love the couches and the laid back atmosphere. one of my favorite coffee shops in chicago.love it, very busy always, there is outdoor seating on the street. the coffee is good. the whole nighbourhood is real artsy and fun. invites to a stroll.this is the best coffee shop in chicago, and i've been to a lot of coffee shops in chicago. they are one of the only shops in the city that is open late(ish) and i lived in wicker park for a year so i went pretty regularly. they have the best hot chocolate in the city and they use rishi chai concentrate so it's also very good. they also have cereal, how cool is that?? they are unsurprisingly busy on the weekends but it's never too hard to find a seat on week nights. it's been my go to for homework and just hanging out, i love it!love the 80s theme of the place, and the fact that they serve halfwit, which i haven't been able to come across too often in the city. its got great coffee, and is a great place to recharge when you need to.cool place with an intentional and kitschy 80's/90's pop culture theme. good coffee and specialty drinks. they have essentially every brewing method for whatever mid you're in. \u00a0you won't be disappointed. never actually been able to sit here since it's always jammed with the macbook pro crowd... a delorean replica on display for the win.been here twice and have got the vanilla bean latte each time and just love it. can't wait to go back again!the guy to gal ratio was definitely in favor of the girl. it was chilly out so i forgone my ushe iced americano for a vanilla bean latte art bevie.no artificial vanilla flavored syrup here. vanilla bean infused whatever. it had the right amount of vanilla but i loved that i could still taste the coffee flavor. wifi. seating and outlets galore. my suggestion, post up on the couch in the corner and chill with et while charging up your phone so you can phone home. if your friends are along, you can play a game of mario bros on nintendo. truth.this place is adorable and has a great vibe. the coffee isn't the best and the pastries were kind of stale, but honestly, it just seems like you should expect that when you're entering a time portal to the early 90s. i mean that in a good way.from the second you walk in, this place screams fun. from the proudly displayed delorian, to the eclectic (and surprisingly large) collection of gizmo stuffed animals (seriously, where did they get all the gremlins?), it seems a quirky place to enjoy a cup of coffee. one look at the menu (a drink that boasts fruity pebbles syrup!) and a glance at the pastry case (a donut topped with cereal!) seems to seal the deal. sadly, that's where the fun ends. after reading the description for the 'bedrock' (espresso, cereal milk, with fruity pebbles syrup over ice), i knew i had to have it. i ordered it with a smile (because how can one not smile when ordering a drink called 'bedrock'), which was not only not reciprocated by the guy behind the counter, but which i'm pretty sure was shot down by the daggers his eyes were throwing my way. i mean, not that i'm expecting to become best friends with the guy taking my coffee order, but at the very least, i feel like he should somewhat embody the happy atmosphere. and just in case the guy was having a bad day, i visited a second time - same results. on a good note -- they serve french macarons, which were quite tasty! the 'sprinkle' variety was a fun departure from the more traditional flavors, and the pistachio (though oddly bright green) was delicious.all in all, i do enjoy their coffee and treats - but try to make it a grab-and-go type of operation.this is a really neat coffee shop in the heart of wicker park. \u00a0if you're in your 20s or older, you'll feel right at home since the shop is decorated in 80s and 90s d\u00e9cor (e.g. \u00a0delorean, furbys, e.t., nintendos, etc). \u00a0their menu is written on two little chalk boards hanging from the ceiling and they have just the right amount of drink options. \u00a0i'll keep it short since there are already a ton of reviews but i will be another sucker to tell you to order the peanut butter koopa troopa. \u00a0it is divine! \u00a0this drink has the perfect peanut butter to coffee ratio where you can taste the yummy pb but without it overwhelming the whole drink. \u00a0the line was decently long but that's to be expected at a neat coffee spot like this, but the baristas were fairly quick and i didn't have to wait long for my drink. \u00a0check this place out and then go down the street and shop! \u00a0i love stopping by at mojo spa for handmade, natural bath products/makeup or pitaya for some cute, trendy clothesi adore this place. \u00a0my favorite coffeeshop in the neighborhood, and it's open late (til 11!) while everywhere else closes around between 7-9. \u00a0chock full of hipsters, which makes me love it even more (i'm trying to be a hipster, which i think is sort of missing the point. \u00a0oh well). \u00a0i like sitting at the bar or one of the tables and working, though when it's really too full i just walk down the street to filter.love the music, love the delorean (c'mon, people, get it together and recognize), love the calvin and hobbes in the bathrooms and the octopussy poster in spanish. \u00a0i'm surprised no one has written about the tea. \u00a0they take their tea seriously. \u00a0(obviously coffee as well, though i'm not a regular drinker). \u00a0like, we need to brew this shit for exactly 4 minutes and we will call you when it's ready serious. \u00a0and they have an incredible selection of teas. \u00a0i like the scarlet, and some of the chinese name ones that i can't remember because they're in chinese. \u00a0i loved the invisible touch drink during the summer too, which they only made in-house and not for to go orders. \u00a0can't wait for next summer to have it again! \u00a0cucumber soda, rosewater foam, lemon somewhere in there too. \u00a0so yummy!also they make giant oreos which are pretty good.oh, this place made me ache. \u00a0i may have been kneeling on the floor w/my hands cupping my face, hiding a tear, as i marveled at what was displayed before me. \u00a0may have. \u00a0 but please. \u00a0i ain't no pansy. \u00a0i'm hard. \u00a0see this right here? *punches chest twice. \u00a0hard.who you tryin to be, wormhole? \u00a0huh? \u00a0tryin to play the nostalgic card w/me. please.then i saw it. \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0a delorean. \u00a0from back to the future. \u00a0in this coffee shop. \u00a0*clutches chest. calm. no, no..i'm good. \u00a0really.then, i saw e.t.'s ass. \u00a0chillin next to a lamp. \u00a0next to an old school tv and folks playing super mario brothers on it.*takes out inhaler. sucks in. \u00a0waves hand- no worries. \u00a0i'm straight.fraggle rock. gizmo. stay puft marshmallow man. star wars. he-man. the goonies. \u00a0ghostbusters. the cosby show. \u00a0indiana jones.*eyes start to roll backwards. i.may.faint. \u00a0you could do this. \u00a0relax.their drink menu went like this:rank - level - coin(drink - size - price)*losin itthey brew san francisco's own ritual & sightglass coffee here. \u00a0they also serve cereal like cocoa puffs, apple jacks, lucky charms, kix, & corn pops. \u00a0*heads to bathroom. dry heaveswell done, wormhole. \u00a0well done.p.s. \u00a0yes, this joint is flooded with hipsters. \u00a0who gives a flying fck, deal with it.cool spot for an 80's kid. \u00a0good coffee. \u00a0the end.milwaukee ave has to many places for coffe but the warmhole is something else. the latte is amazing.thanks wormhole, now i can't enjoy starbucks or any other odd place i used to go.this place is like everything from my childhood bedroom in 1989. complete with calvin and hobbes books, classic nintendo on a tube tv. the delorean is awesome (it even has mr fusion) and the walls and coasters are full of pixelated nes/snes goodness, vintage posters and a flux capacitor. its everything that a 30 something misses about his childhood plus coffee. they also have some awesome t-shirts. how could i not buy my wife boba fett as a kitten t-shirt and buy myself a tiled pixelated 8-bit map of the cafe in zelda/final fantasy 1 style graphics!?as for the vibe, i want to start by saying i'm not a \"hipster\" as some people reviewing this place are calling the clientele and staff. i'm just am adult nerd who enjoys music and classic gaming. i have no tatoos, vintage clothes, beard or anything else associated with that label. the staff here has always been super nice to me and never made me feel unwelcome. in fact, everyone in wicker park has always been very civil and freindly. i really don't understand all the derision and negativity so many people have about it.i have been here two times and the experience was a bit different both times. the first, on a sunday night. the staff was nice and freindly, but the clientele were all folks firmly ensconced in their laptops and headphones, there was some droning music that sort of made the whole place feel kind of dark and erie. we felt like we were intruding on a private space by having a normal-volume conversation. we got a few sideways looks from those who were obviously annoyed by our presence. no one said anything, no one glared, but we obviously were kind of disrupting the vibe. the staff however was very nice and the coffees were amazing. i had a conversation with one of the workers about identifying all the 8-bit characters on the wall (he was impressed i recognized ed). overall, we felt like those there were tolerant of us, but that it wasn't a place to have a conversation. clearly, its a great place to come to work on your laptop, read a book or just chill. the layout of where the tv is makes it hard to get to the video games as usually the couch seats are taken by someone on a laptop already. we had to wait about 30 minutes to get in there and play. later, i returned with my wife on a tuesday night. the place was lively and more like a normal coffee house environment, the music was indie electronic fare and some 90s rock. the staff was joking with us and smiling and we could talk at a normal volume without disturbing anyone. we were able to get over to the tv this time and play some dr mario and tmnt on the old nes. although we felt slightly self-concious with some spectators watching our game, the couches were super comfy and we had a fun time. the honey bear latte and the peanut butter koopa troopa were amazing.damn fine place to get that caffeine up in your blood stream, nahmean?i sat next to a nuclear physicist and drank a peanut butter chocolate coffee drink. free wifi, comfy couches, and they gave away a free coffee drink while i was sitting there doing \"work\". i love this neighborhood on rainy crappy days cuz i can nestle into a place like this and be working. seems like it would be a little on the pretentious side, but not evenif you want to get transported back in time when all things were peaches and apple sauce then you must go to the wormhole. you're surrounded by 80's-90's memorabilia: super mario bros, ghostbusters, back ii the future, etc. on top of that they make a great cup of joe.my friend and i stopped in before we ate at the bongo room since we were itching for a cup of coffee to start our day. we kinda just stumbled upon it and i'm so glad we did. it's a very cool place to just sit down and admire all the stuff that reminds you of your childhood (well, mine at least - i'm an 80's baby!). they've got some interesting coffee drinks that are actually pretty tasty and they do a design with the cream and foam on top. very neato!good coffee and a blast from the past? that's a winner in my book.i really enjoyed my homemade vanilla bean latte! it had a fun special swirl in it too, which always impresses me :)this was my first time at wormhole and it is sort of dark inside! the music is at a good level though sometimes a little loud.i enjoyed the ambiance and there are several \u00a0seating areas with couches and tables as well as a bar area. would be great spot to meet with friends or work alone. i will definitely be back!been here three times already and it never fails to satisfy me. the coffee is great, the place is cool as hell and it's relaxing.the coffee is fine. the room is really cool, themed to 80's video game and science fiction. lots of great movie posters and original art. there's a millenium falcon mounted on the wall and holy shit look at the delorean! i don't know where you find a full size back to the future replica delorean for your coffee shop, maybe skymall, but there it is. that is impressive. worth visiting if you're in the neighborhood, spotless bathrooms, four stars.i'm definitely a child of the 80's. \u00a0my dream car: the beetle. \u00a0my favorite movie: pretty in pink. \u00a0my first dance song at my wedding: \u00a0starship's \"nothing's gonna stop us now.\" \u00a0so needless to say it was love at first sight of the delorean.love the 80's movie posters plastered on the walls. i'll be searching for the breakfast club and indiana jones on netflix, asap! \u00a0remember the old nintendo nes system? \u00a0they've actually got one here that you're allowed to play! \u00a0holy crap! \u00a0how awesome is that?! \u00a0my current drink of choice is the chai latte. \u00a0$3 here offered in 8 or 13 oz. \u00a0not to spicy but hit the spot on a cold october afternoon. \u00a0they've got a small selection of pastries and pre-packaged sandwiches in addition to their caffeinated beverages. this is the kind of coffee joint that makes me want to go to school again...just so i can study & drink my caffeine in a chill 80's themed space. it's truly student friendly. \u00a0on weekday afternoons, you'll see mac book after mac book littering the coffee tables with quiet, mild mannered students (we kinda felt guilty for chatting away). \u00a0free wi-fi is available with the username and password posted on small while laminated cards on the coffee tables. \u00a0there are also ample electrical outlets throughout, just push that teenage mutant ninja turtle doll to the side...you'll find it!back when i was doing the online dating thing there was nothing i liked less than a coffee date. \u00a0i generally find the atmosphere awkward - as if you're trying to spark a romantic connection in someone's home office. \u00a0so when a boy i'd been exchanging messages online invited me to the wormhole, i was unsure.however, i wound up being pleasantly surprised. \u00a0the coffee at wormhole is delicious (i'm a huge fan of the vanilla bean latte. \u00a0the flavor is exceptionally well balanced.) and the atmosphere is awesome. \u00a0the 1980's vibe feels effortless and like a perfect fit for the neighborhood. \u00a0it's also a great place to lounge on a couch (or at the sidewalk tables when the weather is warmer) with a coffee and catch up with someone or read a book.and a year and a half later that boy is now my boyfriend and we are happily together so there seems to be something in the coffee here.one of the coolest places i've been to in a while. i don't know what else to say. it's an homage to the 80's nerd. delorean chilling in the back. nintendo with many games also located in the back. excellent themed drinks and my favorite part was the paintings and pictures of classic movies. aliens. gizmo from gremlins on a portrait?! i'm convinced that the wormhole is the coolest place i've ever purchased a beverage in bar or coffee shop!i almost chumped out and went to some random cafe this morning, but i have been reading reviews for this place for my whole weeklong vacation and decided towalk the extra mile for seething special for my last day. it paid off. i asked the friendly barista for something interesting but not too serious of a calorie bomb and she suggested the honey bear latte. it is delicious!! so foamy, so beautiful, and really unique! a guy who i believe to be the owner told me it's honey from a guy in indiana who keeps his bees around blueberry bushes. other things of note-- they sell the equipment to do your own pour overs, the music is really good, plenty of seating, outdoor patio, and lots of delicious looking treats and cereal! they even have a vegan twinkie, which is so tempting as i love the vegan treats, but ya know a vegan twinke is still a twinkie. long story short, go here. it's cool.fire up the delorean, baby - where we're going, we don't need cupholders.that's because your coffee will be gone before you even have the fluxx capacitor twitching. \u00a0whether it features peanut butter and nutella, has a homemade marshmallow with cracked pepper on top (yes really), or just contains a steamy cup of tea courtesy of the biggest tea bag i've ever seen, your drink will be gone in a flash. \u00a0but don't hurry out - the cheerful kitsch of the decor will make you want to hang out in this coffee shop all day, should you be lucky enough to get a seat in the first place.definitely worth a journey across the city/time-space continuum.the atmosphere was good enough to demand another shot, and while i still didn't like the coffee very much (i'm strictly a black coffee drinker), i realized there are other reasons to go to the wormhole.i think they may just be more of a specialty drink shop. i tried some of my friends vanilla bean latte and that was amazing. the oatmeal cookie was also delicious, and the nes in the back with a slew of games is cause enough to visit this establishment.the ambiance is awesome, delorean in the back, star wars figurines all around, and end table shaped like star trek comm badges. if you're a pc person, just a heads up there were 12 macs and 0 pcs being used by customers when we walked in, which was funny because it couldn't have been more predicable.in the end, the wormhole won't ever be a regular coffee stop for me, but as an occasional hangout where i can reminisce, it'll do.one of the best places in chicago for coffee. for me literally the best mocha in the world - not too sweet and without cream is just perfect. you can find good tea here too.super crowded and super hipster. pretty cool coffee shop overall. the place is 80's themed and plastered with lots of classic movie posters. not necessarily my place of choice to get work done, you'll most likely have to fight for a seat here. but the staff is friendly and seem to love what they're doing, and the music is always catchy and fun.my only gripe with this place is the coffee. it's good but i prefer my coffee hot as hades. it's served hot enough to drink immediately without blowing on it. i tend to be a slow drinker so having my coffee cool down faster is not preferable.definitely the hipster establishment in the neighborhood. can't think of anything more quintessentially hip in a neighborhood that is fast losing that title. but who cares?the coffee here is outstanding and that is a true testament given the insane high quality in the surrounding area. their selection is quite possibly the most varied in the city. the space itself is fun and inviting and definitely a good mix of people typing away, others chatting about nothing, others people watching, and everything in between.good pastries here as well!more important, the service here is great. people here don't act stuck up like your average hipster, they are pretty welcoming and the staff runs the joint like a well-oiled machine.only reason i give it four stars and not five is that the prices are a tad high but nothing out of the ordinary with any other high caliber coffee shop. it's also just a tad crowded. the place reminds me a lot of the now closed tea lounge in park slope, brooklyn if that gives you a sense of how crowded the spot is.i'll most certainly be back.$2.75 for an espresso machiato? \u00a0while a little pricey, the drink was damn good. \u00a0no to go cups either for espresso, but like the italians, sometimes its just better to drink and go. \u00a0the barrista also tried to make a heart design for me but it ended up looking like a large ass. \u00a0i didn't mind though b/c i like large asses. \u00a0practice makes perfect and they are off to a good start. \u00a0in reality its too early to judge the place. \u00a0the decor is certainly unique, and the delorean is cool. \u00a0i'm also sort of excited to play old atari games. \u00a0i'll definitely stop back in, mainly because of how good the espresso was. \u00a0they get extra credit for the mini wafer that was served with the espresso. \u00a0there should always be a side cookie or chocolate when you get an espresso. \u00a0good start wormhole!i joined yelp just to write this review of wormhole. i do, though, strongly recommend that you not base your opinions of places purely on anyone's yelp review. yelp is full of babies and i am one of them.  i crawl my whiny morning baby self into the wormhole several days a week. i'm often the first customer of the day and they are facing a customer who cannot speak before caffeine. \u00a0i \u00a0merely grunt and point to muffins in cases and cappuccino sizes on boards. they accept my mumbles and determine my needs. i nestle into a bar seat and await the perfect single cappuccino, served in a baby blue cup and saucer with a side of tiny cookie bears. yes. bears!then i get another one to go...because its just so very good. and because they care, every morning, that it tastes amazing. because they know its important to me. it starts my day. much is made of the whimsy of the d\u00e9cor and the retro vibe. that's all great and really, it is quite charming but the thing that makes me loyal is that they are truly passionate about coffee. there are times when the coffee has made me cry. because its so very lovely. okay, now i can retire from yelp.attention vegans: wormhole makes the best soy mocha you'll ever have in your life. pair it with one of their many vegan pastries. your tastebuds will thank you.my wicker park mecca, i love coming here to write papers and study. \u00a0try the honey bear latte, it's to die for, and i've never had a bad pastry here. \u00a0there's lots of comfy seating, though it can get a little crowded. \u00a0the decor is awesome--totally unique and wonderful.really fun shop with a really fun vibe! love all the nerdy stuff they have up and the drinks there are delicious! i've tried the ginger curry latte sounds weird but was so good! i would definitely recommend it! we also tried the peanut butter mocha, which was also good.my only complaint is that is so full of people that there is no where to sit down! and everyone is on their computers so you don't get to play with any of the throwback video games they have.eh, i am torn.i've been here a bunch of times because i live nearby. this place has gone downhill the past year. the pastries are great but sometimes there are fruit flies in the glass, come on guys gross. also you never know which jekyll and hyde personality your are going to get out of the baristas. some are so sweet others are in another universe and not in a good way. coffee is solid and it's a pretty cool spot to hang out for an hour. lacks consistency and therefore a risky choice.really great decor and vibe that make the place worth a stop if you're in the area, but the espresso itself is not good. they consistently produce coffee that tastes like lemon peels. i love flavorful espressos, but this is a roasting error. espresso should be bright but not overwhelming. the decoration is sort of 1970s nostalgic, and it's fairly quiet, making it a good place to study or relax. the baristas are nice and the spirit of the place fits well with the vintage stores and bookshops in the same area.coffee: i don't even have time to talk about this, but i will say that even for drip coffee, they will do that fancy thing where they warm the cup with hot water first so the coffee doesn't cool at all from touching cold ceramic. just imagine that amount of quality and care administered to drinks much nicer and more complicated to prepare than drip coffee.food: i had a chocolate muffin from there yesterday. i wrote a letter to my mom about it.staff: they're all that one kid from high school who was both unbelievably cool but also friend to anybody they came in contact with. they are all beautiful. bathroom: the bathroom is super nice! they keep the extra toilet paper rolls in there on a shelf and i thought about taking one, but this place is the best and i would never do that to them.music: the music is a wonderful mix that appeals to just about anyone who has the same music taste as you and me, and is always always played at the exact appropriate volume. having had to sleep next to a hot water heater that was incredibly loud, i would say that this is not as loud as that. not even close. atmosphere: eclectic decoration, but not in that tries-too-hard kind of way like that one friend you have who totally tries too hard. there's usually lots of people, but not like 1am at a lincoln park mcdonald's or anything crazy. they have cool mugs, and there's recycling and compost options for throwing your stuff away. classy as fuck.i really wanted to pan this place.... all of my friends go on and on and on about this place like it's the coolest coffee shop in the world. \u00a0i had to try it. \u00a0my friends were right -- it rocks. \u00a0old school stuff, good drinks and a sweet atmosphere. \u00a0highly recommend.a great cafe in hipster central. you know, grungy, dark basement kind of feel. i personally have to be in the mood to come to cafes like this---so maybe throw on a dress and boots ladies, or grow a beard boyz. regardless of the hipster ambiance, it is an awesome place to study given their free wi-fi, plenty of couches,long tables, and plentyyyy of outlets! they also outdoor seating too which is awesome. cool decorations too--- vintage car mounted on the wall, old school lunch boxes, and other random decor.quality coffee, this is not starbucks kidz. with the higher quality comes a slightly higher price tag (8 oz. honey bear latte $4, 8 oz. specialty drinks $4.25). nonetheless, the latte was divineee and the corn blueberry muffin was a nom bomb. note: you can barely tell it's a cafe from the outside--as i mentioned it's dark, and there is an obscure \"wh\" on the door--keep your eyes peeled or else you might it! =pokay i thought i'd really enjoy this place, however the coffee just wasn't great. my cortado taasted very smokey/ burnt. i didn't even finish it. the coffee house it's self was nice however, good vibes-- that's about it though.my only complaint with wormhole is that i wish they had more seating. but other than that, the pastries and coffee are on point.love the coffee hate the service.they probably have my favorite cup of coffee in chicago, i continue to go but man their baristas just get on my nerves. no smiles, bitch at customers, and take coffee snobbery to a whole new level.anyway good coffee, bad servicea cool spot for the tech nerd and the drink options are great. terrible seating situation thought and a difficult place to get any work done. prices are a little much as well.i could not agree more with matt b's review. i had an appointment in the area before a conference call for work. i came here based on the positive reviews. as i was paying my order, another customer asked them to turn down the music a notch. i was so thankful for the request, but i didn't notice much of a difference in volume. i took a seat closer to the door, as the sound seemed a little less obnoxious. thankfully, i was only on an internal call where i could listen on mute most of the time. i still missed some key takeaways from the call due to the noise. so don't come here looking for a quiet place to work or take a call.the peanut butter koopa troopa was very good and different from your usual coffee drink, and it was topped with a beautiful leaf design, so i would give the drink 4 stars. just take it to go next time. \u00a0 i would have happily ordered something from the pastry case, but nothing really appealed to me. the chocolate chip pretzel cookie looked over baked and hard. furthermore, i didn't see any chocolate chips! i passed.wormhole, you occupy a fond portion of my memory. sixteen ounce ethiopia chemex, on two occasions. i can't remember anything better.this place is great. obviously the fun decor lends itself to a perky atmosphere, and the coffee is delicious. i'd recommend the honey bear latte, it's absolutely superb. they also have a bottomless coffee option if you're staying for a while. at the counter, they have some standard pastries. every food item i've tried has been good but not overly impressive. the baristas have always been super nice, and definitely not standoffish or overly arrogant in a \"hipster\" way. they're very welcoming, as are most of the customers you run into here. i don't think anybody would feel uncomfortable. also, there's two bathrooms, and they're usually very clean. as for the study/work situation, if you're a person who needs quiet or a calm atmosphere, this is not the place for you. the music is too loud to drown out with headphones, and there's always tons people moving and talking and just generally being social. personally, i like all the background action, as it keeps me focused. if that's not for you though, i'd take the coffee to go and find somewhere quieter.i love this place but the music is so so bad, people are trying to get productive over here. also the lights are too dim for a cafe that consists mainly of people working rather than just hanging out to chill.what the hell is still love it and will keep coming!this was the coolest coffee shop i've ever been to. the 80s theming and music was incredible and the wicker park location makes it ten times better. the cappuccino i ordered was phenomenal as well. will definitely be visiting again.all you need to know about wormhole is that 1. it's iconic wicker park and you have to stop in to at least see the delorean2. coffee is good but the specialty drinks can get a tad pricy for the size3. most likely it will be crowded (especially weekends) 4. if you're on the fence about visiting just do it, you won't be disappointedthe moment you step inside the wormhole you can't help but be overwhelmed by the eclectic feel. from the back to the future delorean parked in the front window to the extensive lunchbox collection on display behind the register, there's some 80's memorabilia for everyone. i mean there's a classic nintendo for your gaming pleasure! there is also free wifi and tons of seating if you like to browse the web or do some studying while drinking your cup of joe. aside from the decor their loose tea was excellent, and the chai latte looked first rate. i haven't had the opportunity to explore the menu extensively, but in due time that will change. all in all i will be returning to the wormhole whenever i find myself in wicker park jonesin for a cup of tea and a game of mike tyson's punchout.cool but rude is my go to drink, i wanna try more but it's so good! great place to chill btw.i should have written a review on wormhole a long time ago but here goes. been coming here almost every week for the past 2 years. this place is definitely a great place to catch up on some reading or studying. i'm sure there are plenty of meetups at this place due to the high volume of customers. seriously, this place always gets packed after 3pm and don't even mention sundays when everyone is prepping for their upcoming school week. there are two long tables that seat 6 people, two couches which seat about an extra 6-8 people, 2 extra chairs, and about 5 stools next to the counter where the coffee magic happens. the baristas here are all down-to-earth and friendly. the interior is filled with movie and video game memorabilia. there's a nintendo in the back. the drinks hit the spot every single time and they're all reasonably priced. their most popular drinks are all priced between $4-$4.50. i only wish wormhole invested in more comfortable furniture and chairs to sit in. some of the couches feel as if you're being sucked right into them. also an extra table would help out with the crowds. other than the furniture, wormhole is seriously amazing.when i die, bury me with a 12oz koopa troopa.my favorite espresso drink is made here and only here.although i do like espresso shots from intelligentsia more, they don't make the koopa troopa. it combines the richness and crema-laced ecstasy of a great cup of latte with the texture and savoriness of chunky peanut butter, all while only hinting at a bit of sweetness -- oh my /takei.the ambiance:hipster. nintendo with super mario brothers 3. space invaders everywhere. trendy bears and mustaches; flannel/plaid; and very dapper hairstyles. everywhere. expect a lot of artists/writers showcasing their works in progress here.the drinks/food:i already prefaced with this, but their koopa troopa is amazing. i'm a big fan of combining sweet and savory, especially in drinks. the balance of flavor hits a high note the same way the maple bacon latte at pirate cat radio (in san francisco, ca) does. don't hate it 'til you try it.in terms of food, i've only had their lemon macaron (at $1, it's a steal). it wasn't fresh--the exterior was a little styrofoamy and stale, but the flavor was there. it was like a great lemon wafer filling. it's many steps down from other la/california-based macaron purveyors (lette and bouchon bakery come to mind), but those are priced 3x+ more than these $1 bad boys.the service:a little slow, but you're here for quality (assuming you're here for coffee and not just to be part of the hep crowd).this place is one of the reasons why i considered living in wicker park (that was a short 5 minutes, though).everything is good here, great ambiance, service and they have the best chai latte i have ever try! and in top of everything the are open until 11! perfect place to study! love it!favorite coffee place! love, love, love the vibe and their iced honey bear latte is fantastic!quaint and kitschy local business...it's always busy, right on milwaukee. great to chill and get some work done or just stop in and grab a coffee. seriously, skip starbucks. this is way better and starbucks is just stupid.what a cool place! love the futuristic decor and really good coffee! the baristas are very nice and we'll trained to make artisan coffee. if you can find a seat in this place it's well worth it to sit and chill.really love the 80s decor at this place, it's a lovely nostalgic context to enjoy a top-notch cup of brew. their flat whites are great, and i recommend the coconut macaroons.i love this place! love the ambiance, location, but most of all... love the staff, and the best coffee in the city, that is made and presented with love! this is the third time i come here with a friend or date, and its becoming my favorite place to kick back and spend some relaxing time. thanx guys!today is my birthday. and wormhole is the perfect place to go on your birthday (even better than chuck e. cheese's!) because the years fly off the second you walk through the door. no amount of peter pan, bumper cars, trampolines, hell, not even botox will make you feel as young as a full-size delorean, unlimited nintendo nes games and a tall glass of rocketsauce. i'm officially 9-years-old again. thanks, wormhole!(free) video games, outside seating, and comfy couches... these are a few of my favorite things! i ordered the homemade vanilla bean latte. seriously. delicious. the atmosphere is fun and inviting; the coffee is just as amazing. this was my first time at wh and i will definitely be back.nice coffee. friendly staff. stable wifi. also, i really enjoyed the retro nintendo corner. if you are in wicker park, swing by!i love the concept, and i loved their coffee! \u00a0i cannot remember what coffee i ordered, but it was delicious! it was a spiced coffee that reminded me a lot of a coffee version of a chai latte; it was probably that my drink had curry, cinnamon and ginger!finally had a chance to stop back in for a chai tea latte. i'm still not a fan, but i'm willing to up my rating based on the service this time around, although once again two out of the four people behind the counter were working and two were standing around having a conversation even though there were ten people either waiting to order or waiting for a drink, but at least i got my drink this time. chai is the only thing i order nowadays, so i pretty much use it to determine whether i will return to an establishment or not, and my final verdict is that if you want a trendy place to hang with your friends and wax poetic about the pre-internet 1980s (i lived through the reagan years - not my favorite decade!) then this is your place, but the chai just wasn't that great in my opinion, pricey for the size, and the service still leaves a lot to be desired. if you're looking for a place to work in peace while imbibing in your favorite drink or someplace to grab a quick caffeine fix on your way to work in the morning, i wouldn't recommend wh--too noisy, too crowded and too much dawdling going on.but hey! to each his own.great coffee. hot, iced, specialty drinks they're all good!employees always look like they're having a good time at work and there's always fun music playing.wish there was a little more room to sit, might not be the best place to go with a group depending on the day of the week and time. open a little late and if you can get the seats by the window really great for people watching. i thought the prices were fair especially for the quality of the coffee. it's good shitthe days of a coffeeshop being a smokey, lowly lit place filled with contemplative writers is gone. (single tear)kinda everything that you'd want a coffeeshop to be in 2014. 1. theme'd to the max. i'm frankly amazed at some of the corny sci-fi, star wars, and old nintendo (including an 8bit system you can play in the back!) stuff they have in there. the huge tile picture of all kinds of 8bit nintendo game characters is incredible.2. typical staff.they're just nice enough to not be rude, but aren't really too nice, either. they take themselves just seriously enough to borderline too serious, but not too serious. read it again and think about it, it makes sense.3. hilarious patrons.macbooks, everywhere. overflowing with 'artists,' who cannot stop talking about themselves.4. good drinks. the only way they make you decaf is as an americano, b/c obv, nobody orders that stuff. their specialty coffee drinks have great names and taste great as well.5. sweet things to eat.(mostly vegan, duh)6. the most incredible internet passwords ever.the only bad part is the lack of seating, most of the time. but, that's not bad for them. just me. and i'm ok with that. i'd so much rather have this than (another starbucks).this is my favorite cafe in all of chicago. it's not too hipster and it's not too \"uppity.\" it has a idgaf/nerdy/nostalgic atmosphere. the people are chill and the music is great. they mix indie rock and good hip-hop. there's movie posters, art, video games, and the most comfortable chairs and sofas of any cafe. plus, they have a back to the future car inside!came here for a quick meeting with my boss for the summer. walking in, i immediately noticed the interesting sci-fi themed decor; the delorean model in the back is just too cool! there is also a super nintendo in the back for people to play, which i thought was pretty fun. the coffee was also above average compared to the more typical places around where i live (starbucks, argo, etc.)it was quite crowded at 5 p.m. on a wednesday (hardly any seats open) so i don't know if i'd come here if i had to get some serious studying done, but for the more casual work load, i'd give it a try!this is by far the best coffee shop i have been to. i'm not just talking about the quality of their drinks, it is filled head to toe from everything i love about being a geek. let's start off with their full size delorean replica to the posters adorning their walls depicting movies from top gun to the last starfighter. filled with memorabilia mainly from the star wars universe (heck my coffee came in a star tours mug!) including novels and board games to actual video game inspired pixelated tables! i just got a drip coffee and a macaroon, both were good enough to prove that wormhole actually knows a thing or 2 about coffee as well in addition to its way to every geek's heart. located in my favourite chicago neighbourhood wormhole could hardly do wrong and they have set the gold standard for other coffee shops aiming for sci fi themed to match.zoinks! \u00a0where's the beef? \u00a0 autobots roll out! \u00a0i pity the fool!that's just a smattering of the 80s catch phrases you'll hear in this place. \u00a0this place is 80s to the max. \u00a0and by max i mean max headroom. \u00a0the only thing it lacks is mr. t making your frothy pac man latte. \u00a0 keep in mind though, like everything in chicago with good reviews, this place gets super busy. \u00a0it's in wicker park so you probably know there will be a variety of young cool people there. \u00a0if you have someone with you, and they can scope out a spot and do seat recon, while you order for the both of you. \u00a0there's also some retro games in the back but we didn't get a chance to play with any of them. \u00a0 now you know, and knowing is half the battle.if i were a hipster hunter....this would be my stomping ground....great space....no crazy decorations.....just a huge deloreon parked in front....i actually have been back a few times....really cozyfriendly service. delicious & creative coffees. ambiance was very chill. it was a little dark in there, but i love that about this place.good coffee.smelly customers.good sweet treats.nasty used couches.good bathroom.horrible customer line.good decor.no luck getting a seat because people camp out here all day.as you can see, i'm really torn about the place. \u00a0if it's not busy and i'm looking for a coffee on the go, i'll stop in and grab a cup. \u00a0if i want to chill for a few minutes and enjoy the scenery, this is not the place for me.overall, i'd give it 3.5 stars.apparently this is the hipster coffee bar to be at on rainy weekends. \u00a0line to the door and line of cups awaiting caffeine on the counter. \u00a0two baristas worked like a symphony to create and expedite drinks to the awaiting customers.it was really hard to find a place to sit and drink our coffee here. \u00a0there's a lot of wasted space that could be re-configured for seating but i'm not sure if we were just there on an unusually busy day. \u00a0the decor was fun and kept your eyes busy as you waited for your drink. \u00a0baristas/staff were friendly and when the drinks were ready, they were good (i had the honey bear and a friend had the pb one.... both tasted great). \u00a0i think i would give this place another try and it's definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area. \u00a0weekdays might be best though if you'd like a seat with your espresso!i think i loved this place as soon as i stepped in. companion cube lunch boxes? crocheted derpy hooves humping chrocheted rainbow dash? i'm in love.nerdiness aside, my friend and i were just stopping by, so i ordered the honey bear latte to-go. flavor was unique, which is often difficult to say about coffee. definitely tasted the honey element and something else, hard to put my finger on. overall it was enjoyable. i will be back!oh and i don't know about the men's restroom, but the women's is a treasure trove of amusing graffiti.i love this place. the decor brings back memories of growing up in the 80s: et, the muppets, indiana jones, gremlins, the goonies...they've got it all! the best part, besides the hot chocolate, is the vintage nintendo video game console and the old school television set. did i mention everything is in working order and you can play all of your favorite games (mario bros, duck hunt, joust, etc)? and if that's not enough for you, there's free wi-fi. definitely one of my new favorite coffee shops.this is a truly unique little coffee shop and one that i wish i could go to every day. if you're like me and a just want a cup of regular coffee, you will be happy to find they brew half-wit, and do so very well. the staff are generally great, and once gave me a free cup without having filled out a little punch card just because they saw me all the time. thanks!i always got a cup here on my way to the dog park and they even have treats by the door to reward your pup for hanging out on milwaukee while you duck in. a+!i have only been here once but i assure you that's going to change, i been looking for a new coffee shop since i given up on starbucks because their customer service sucks in all locations (at least in all 50+ locations i been to) any who back to wormhole this place is amazing, the decor is amazing, the people are nice and their selection of drinks is pretty good, again today was my first time there and i have made it my mission to try everything on their menu. today i had their harrison gourd and i am so glad i did, it was love at first bite (literally, they give you a small spoon and they suggest you eat it like you would ice cream). i will be back for another one. i also had their square donut, it was pretty good, nothing special but good enough to have again.i am glad i gave this place a try. i'll be back.i missed the rocketsauce!? it's true. i kid you not, within 2 days of my inaugural visit to wormhole i heard the infamous \"rocketsauce\" praised three separate times. three. i mean, really? from different social circles, random people, a colleague and a facebook post. the universe demands i right my ways. next stop, rocketsauce on the menu. noted. it's some concoction of fresh lime juice, tea and other magical things. i will find out more later. as for my journey...it was pretty much a dream come true start to finish. a quick yelp app search for \"coffee that doesn't suck\" (ok, \"coffee\") near mojo spa in wp led me here, and also it's been on my caffeine radar for quite some time. bonus: their note claiming \"plenty of outlets and free wifi, come stay awhile.\" um, hell yeah. i hate the iffy feeling of not knowing when a place is worker bee friendly. major props to wormhole for walking the fine winner of: hip urban outpost working station with power, internets, coffee, and rocketsauce. oh, and a nice mix of folks...hipsters, of course, but also a friendly all-accepting vibe. hard to do. i digress. many heeded the call this particular friday so the house was a bit packed. ain't no thang, i jumped up to the bar near the espresso machine, hammered out an hour or so of work while sipping a wonderfully chilled iced coffee and was on my way. actually bounced on my way, that stuff was stacked. see reviews for the bangin' 80's decor and flashbacks. the deloreon is a sincere touch, and despite its girth is geekboy and geekgirl eyecandy indeed. nintendo!? why was this a work day!? i would've rocked that shit 'til close if given the chance. great coffee. great service. and, i'd def come back for that pre 9am mocha puffs bowl (free with beverage!). wow, these guys are just hitting it out of the park. i can get on board, most definitely. so cool, and without the pretense of another 80's themed coffee snops (snob shops).children of the 80's, welcome home. coffee's on.walking into this place is like walking into my childhood. yes, that dates me but its sooooo worth it. upon first glance, i was instantly transported. let's be clear... they have a delorean. the caps were necessary. un. real. so the delorean is on the right hand side and the left is populated with 80s lunchboxes, mogwais, free bumper stickers, general hilarity. we grabbed a cuppa and head over to the couch. we sank into the couch, grabbed an original nes controller and busted out with some of my fave game - bubble bobble! meanwhile, my friend nestled a stuffed et between us which immediately made for photo opps galore. we were surrounded by various iconic movie posters -- princess bride, goonies, star wars (natch) and enjoyed a rousing game while people worked away on their lappies.you must stop in here. it's rad, nifty, gnarly, groovy, fab, tubular. whatever 80s accolade you'd like to bust out. it's a portal back in time to a place where things were simple and riding your bike or the neighborhood grill was the next major event in life. i want to go in here and read the babysitters club, nancy drew, ramona quimby & goosebumps. today, when you're choosing your own adventure, choose this one.you like your bed? sure you do, silly - it's your bed. what about the room your bed is in (experts call it a 'bedroom')? you love that too! yes, love rules!guess what, punkies brewster? wormhole gets a million stars because it is my freakin bedroom, circa 1986.it's all there: a free-play nintendo with the same 18 games everyone had, lunchboxes that reflect a saturday morning cartoon lineup, a fucking mogwai just hanging out and not getting wet, a double fucking full-size delorean forever parked at 88mp.unfazed by what must be a common response, the baristas responded genuinely to my giddy adoration with facial expressions and banter that metaphysically high-fived throwback damien s. i don't squee, per se, but let's just say a major sigh of enthusiasm dropped when i was told the honey badger \"thanks for scraps, stupid\" bumper stickers were free. sup stocking stuffers.finally, as if getting bulldozed by the best kind of nostalgia isn't enough, their dollar macarons and radically refreshing rocket sauce (iced yerba mate, handmade ginger syrup and fresh lime) give edible cred to arguably the single greatest place in chicago.need further proof? the customer loyalty cards (buy 10, get one free) look like nes controllers and the drink countdown is in the contra/konami code. gahdayum genius.came here excited after reading some reviews. left disappointed. don't waste your time here! i was less than impressed with the staff, the coffee, and the overall atmosphere. staff & coffee: i'm a coffee and tea lover who loves exploring and discovering awesome new coffeehouses, i asked for some caf\u00e9 basics (i.e. london fog, caf\u00e9 miele) and was met with, \"uhh, i don't know what that is..\" \u00a0\"...um... i don't think we have the stuff to make those..\" and \"yeah, umm all our drinks are on the menu\" so, bummed over their lack of barista basics, i went with a basic drip pour--and was not a fan of the quality or brew. \u00a0hear me out when i say - the barista's here don't know coffee. \u00a0unless you want one of their kitschy, sugary signature drinks, don't bother getting anything to drink here. atmosphere: \u00a0the atmosphere here is...eclectic... but not an eclectic i could jive with. they had an interesting choice of music - too boisterous for me i couldn't study or have any kind of real conversations because i felt distracted by the blasting loud rap/pop music. also--while i would never consider myself a neat-freak, it's a dirty, grimy place. the dim lighting hides some of that though. overall, if you you're looking for a chill place with good coffee in chicago--don't waste your time here. there are so many wonderful places to get coffee in this city. i'd be happy to recommend a variety of other great spots!needed to find a coffee shop in wicker park to kill time and stay out of the rain before heading to mojo. this definitely served that purpose. it's a fun, funky place with an 80's throwback theme. i got the peanut butter koopa troopa latte which was yummy! finding a place to sit was tough because everyone parks for hours on their laptops or books, etc but a seat opened up when we needed it to. i definitely recommend popping in here if you want a good cup of coffee with a fun spin to it.ok, this is difficult for me. on the one hand, i really like the wormhole. the coffee is good, they have creative drinks, and a really cool-looking space. but there are some small drawbacks too: first, you're paying a serious premium for location, the delorean hanging on the wall, and the high-end coffee. this stuff ain't the cheapest caffeine in town, but most of that you can chalk up to \"you get what you pay for.\" second, it's not a great place to hang out and work. a little too loud. a little too crowded. but if you're just looking for a drink and a place to talk with someone, wormhole is the place.third, i recently had my first (mildly) unpleasant experience there...i bike down milwaukee on my way to work every morning, and finally decided to stop in to take advantage of wormhole's yelp! announcement: \"cyclists! \u00a0we wanna hang on your commute. \u00a0with you! \u00a0bring your helmet in & any amount of drip coffee you desire is on us. \u00a0before 9:00am!\" \u00a0i had them fill up my thermos and bought a home-made pop-tart to assuage any lingering guilt for the free coffee. but they charged me $1.00 for the coffee. when i asked about it, they said that they only give out smalls as part of the commuter deal, and, because my thermos was bigger, they charged me. listen, this isn't a huge deal, it's still a discount, but don't say \"any amount of drip coffee you desire is on us\" if it isn't.i will say that the staff has been pleasant during my prior visits, so i'm trying not to let this (minor) annoyance color my overall perception of the place. i will probably stop back in with out-of-town guests so they can gawk at the kitschy (in a good way) decor, but from now on i'm not gonna bother getting off my bike on my way to work.***updated***: 1. thanks for your response, travis. i appreciate it. it's such a kind response, in fact, that i'm not entirely sure whether it's heartfelt or sarcastic (totally joking). i know that my 34-ounce thermos (which is an amazing product, btw: ) is massive, and when i do stop in again on my way to work i will bring a different, more reasonably sized vessel. \u00a02. i changed the review to reflect the $1 charge (originally said $1.50) and also upped the rating because of your message. \u00a0like i sad above, i really do like wormhole, and your quick reply only helped that. thanks.the staff, managers, and travis are very pleasant and truly great at what they do.wormhole is one of just a few coffee shops in chicago that's committed to getting the best coffee possible out of those beans. you'll see the baristas literally writing lab protocols for water temp, brew time, weight of grounds, etc. for new beans they bring into the shop (which i think is weekly). it may be a little extravagant, but if want a great espresso drink, you want them to pull it for you. if you want a 900 calorie sweet roll, travis is your go-to guy.i do want to comment on this anti-hipsterism and yuppie thing. i know i'm probably not as sensitive about fitting in as some commenters may be. i can certainly understand feeling intimidated around people who look differently. 20 years after being a \"hipster,\" i'm probably a \"yuppie.\" these are both terrible things to be. i hated wearing dirty worn-out clothes and being covered in ugly tattoos, but it was fun to sneer at those effete wine-drinking yuppie snobs when they had to gall to sit in my coffee shop. now i hate having to shop at barney's and use a macbook. you cannot believe how uncomfortable this range rover's seats are. i guess it's nice to have grown up and be entitled to sneer at the hipster kiddies who don't appreciate a good coffee drink as much as i do, even though we're both in the same coffee shop.etc.this is the place i bring my laptop to when i am in chicago. the tables are big and comfortable, the coffee is good, the atmosphere is pleasant. first time it took me a while to find the wifi code, they are on little signs on the table. there is also a nintendo system in the back if you want a break :d the drip coffee is not always great, but the honey latte and vanilla bean latte have always come out perfect.wild interior...takes a couple back to memory lane with the delorian, et, goonies, etc. very cool. \u00a0we got liked the halfwit coffee. \u00a0really tasty and strong. \u00a0but, the customer service needs improvement... snotty staff. \u00a0glad we tried it, but won't be back. \u00a0i'm not paying for rude service.major points on its presentation. it is very eclectic and the ambiance and attendants mirror these themes. i love the art work on the inside, and the tea is strong and good.there seems to be a divide in the kind of seating that it provides; it has couches for groups of people to sit together and play video games, but then it has bigger community style tables for people to bring their computers and do their work. there are not really any smaller types of seating for smaller groups to talk and chat. that lost a star for me. great location, great vibe!this place is fun and puts a smile on my face.the staff is super friendly and helpful when ordering drinks.drinks are tasty and made right in front of you.complimentary water is available through a self serve spout.a delorean is part of the decoration if that gives you any hint of the coolness of this place.they serve muffins and other baked treats. yum.there is also outdoor seating which goes fast so take it if you see it.bike parking on street.croissant here is surprisingly good. we came by to grab a snack and kill some time before dinner. when you walk into a coffee shop, you should never expect anything but the coffee/drinks to be good, especially not the baked goods in the case, which could've been hanging out in there for god knows how long. however, this plain croissant my friend got at 7pm was perfectly crunchy on the outside and buttery. delicious.i can't vouch for the coffee here, as i'm the weirdo who doesn't drink coffee -- but i have it from my coffee-loving, former barista friend that it's super here. vibe is geeky-hipster as opposed to bookish-hipster. i think i might've seen something from star wars hanging on the walls and there were some college kids gaming right behind us (locals must dig this place). comfy couches and plenty of tables/chairs for people to work.i've found my home-- wormhole coffee.well, i love their coffee, its dark and warm, just like the dirt (but much, much more tasty). \u00a0i love squirming about in these comfortable chairs and couches. \u00a0the lighting is light, ambient, and appropriate. \u00a0i hate when it's super bright. \u00a0and the other people here are hipstery and sexy, i want to symbiotically mate with them.oh god, i just realized i'm a worm. awesome.i think this place is so interesting! great staff, they are polite and actually talk to you!the decor is a great great great way to go. \u00a0place is spacious, could use a couple more tables tho. anyways, i like this place, have been here a couple of times for coffee and pastries. yum!they had me at video games and coffee.what i wasn't prepared for was the nostalgic throwback decor and deliciously complex drinks. walking in from the street, i was sure this place was going to be more novelty than anything, but i was pleasantly surprised to find they really delivered on the yelp reviews.my friend got the peanut butter something or other that everyone was raving about, and he was in heaven. he's obsessed with peanut butter, so it was a perfect way to start out the day. i'm a little more of a purist, so i went with your standard black coffee, and i can gladly report that it was strong, but not too bitter or burnt. solid. on top of the drinks, they decorate with old school video game and cult movie paraphernalia, so if you're an 80s or 90s kid, you'll be right at home!this had to be one of the best places i visited on my trip to chicago. i enjoyed all of the stickers the coffee i got the small honey bear just so i could say i have had a coffee with a design in it once in my life. i enjoyed the delorian and the game area was adorable we had such a great time.love wormhole! this is my go-to place for a relaxing day to work on my laptop and enjoy a hot tea. super friendly service in here. very funky decor and atmosphere. also having vegan pastries from fritz doesn't hurt either! vegan twinkies! yum!!very very cool place. the honey bear latte was awesome and the trail mix scone was divine! wish i could make this place my regular coffee shop!felt like i was in a time warp, and enjoyed every minute of it! they didn't have cocoa puffs so i had chocolate cheerios with a shot of espresso and a vanilla latte. boy they mean business! i'm totally wired for the rest of the day! decor and music is right on point too! will definitely be back when i'm in the chicago area.i go out of my way (quite literally) every time i visit chicago ever since i discovered this cult shop in the wicker park district... i'm a coffee snob (@coffeecontigo via instagram) and this place gets it right every time.... not to mention the awesome swag they have for shopaholics like myself!!!best coffee i had drink in chicago.for those who are born in the 80s this coffee is the most endearing places to stop when walkig by milwaukee ave.love the geek deco, best hipster style.plus: good wifi conection and cool videogames to play.this place is so sick. all the movie references are pretty cool. coffee was unreal. staff is uber friendly. i got the peanut butter chocolate latte and the sarsaparilla chai and they were very tasty. can't wait to go back.***3.5 stars***super friendly staff that makes a fast drink. \u00a0hipster heavy coffee shop with a cool concept. \u00a0they really committed to the 80s and 90s vibe. \u00a0the amount of memorabilia they have strewn about the place is amazing. \u00a0floppy discs, alf lunch boxes, 80s movies posters, a dolorean???? \u00a0you can even play old school nintendo games (punch out!!!!) while you sip your brew. \u00a0i've never seen anything like it. \u00a0with all the comfy couches and chairs, it seems like a place where you could hang out drinking coffee on your computer all day. \u00a0as for the drinks, we tried the plain espresso and cappuccino. \u00a0we both agreed the espresso itself was a little too sweet. \u00a0as for the cappuccino though, it was nicely made.very welcoming atmosphere. i am not much of a coffee drinker but the this coffee shop is great. they have a great display of vintage lunch boxes. in the back they have some couches next to a tv with a nintendo. i didn't use it but did want to . \u00a0also provide free wifi to customers.probably the coolest coffee shop i've ever been to! it's such a blast from the past walking in here. ok first of all there's a freakin delorean in the back in all its back to the furture glory. there's a huge gremlin portrait on the wall and really just a bunch of awesome 80s nostalgia all over this place. the space itself is also quite decent, large enough where you're not overhearing your neighbors conversations but maintains that cozy vibe like going home to your childhood basement to hang with your haven't heard too much of this halfwit coffee but it seems like a solid cup of joe based on the other reviews. i myself got a decaf vanilla bean latte and the hubs got a cold brew so can't tell you very much in regards to the actual coffee quality but both were tasty to us!definitely a must visit if you're in the area!great vibe, great spot to hang or study. throwback 80s gamer decor is pretty charming, and it's hard not to be impressed by the full-sized back to the future delorean. coffee is definitely solid but if you're in the neighborhood la colombe probably wins...before i walked in to this place, i had absolutely no desire to go there...at all. \u00a0it didn't look appealing to me (even with the patio)...i just didn't want to go.however, with few options in the area (and chilly weather), while waiting to eat at a nearby restaurant, i ventured in and was surprised. \u00a0first of all, the inside is much cuter than the curb appeal would make you believe. \u00a0it's welcoming and has a good selection of seating (if you can get it). \u00a0the coffee was delicious (albeit a bit slowly made...though the foam was perfectly positioned into a nice design for me...i'm a total sucker for good looking food/drinks!). \u00a0price-wise, it was reasonable. \u00a0so, all in all, a good visit. \u00a0i may be back!not much to say about ambiance that hasn't been said, but two important factors make wormhole above-and-beyond great:1. 8 oz lattes! so hard to find anywhere in chicago, where most people order more on the humongous side. i love a slightly more harmonious milk-to-espresso ratio, and they've got it down to a science.2. the cool but rude (curry-ginger syrup latte) is like me: cool, but rude, but also with a little kick, and also delicious.good coffee. really convenient that they're open late, however not a great place to study. usually always packed and the music is loud and not befitting of a place to do work.this coffee shop has a delorean inside of it. i know that's the most talked about thing and yet it's the least important thing when wanting a cup of coffee, but still. think about it. \u00a0this coffee shop has a fucking delorean inside of it! \u00a0pretty cool. \u00a0moving on...giancarla and i met up with kiera (of schuba's bartending fame) and i ordered a chai tea latte with vanilla. \u00a0awesome. \u00a0they make their own vanilla at wormhole so you should definitely try a vanilla latte, as giancarla did, and loved. \u00a0they boast some of the best baristas in chicago and all bragging rights are reserved. \u00a0don't expect to grab a quick cup and be out the door, because these folks take their time making you a drink with deliberation you can taste. \u00a0kiera opted for the vanilla-less americano and still felt it superior to most. \u00a0we all split a scone and enjoyed that as well, but it's a scone; no biggie.sondre joined us later with mona, kyrre, and \u00e5se (of norway's film, real estate, and rhetoric fame, respectively). \u00a0sondre got the \"rocket juice\" \u00a0comprised of iced yerba mate with ginger syrup and lime. \u00a0\"refreshing and a delight.\" \u00a0kyrre and \u00e5se joined him on that order while kyrre added \u00a0\" [he] liked it very much as well, but had to add lots of sugar to sweeten things up.\" \u00a0he gave it \u00a0a 6.5 while contributing the highest score to the company. *ahem* \u00a0agreed. \u00a0\u00e5se believed it to be an 8. \u00a0she also adds, \"it was fresh, cooling, and energizing.\"mona went with a soy latte and was pleased by the heavy steaming. \u00a0in her words, \"excellent, not too bitter, the soy milk was steamed into a perfectly creamy texture that is rarely found in an iced latte.\" \u00a0i can tell you, she's just as picky with her lattes as she is with her men, so this is a high compliment.the wormhole has a spacious interior, but on summer days it's nice to sit outside on the sidewalk. \u00a0definitely a great place; one worth re-visiting!!~dave \"herremannen\" heilmanthis place is really cute! i met a teacher here for a meeting and i'm glad she brought me here. it's a quaint place that's well decorated and cozy for those that need to do some serious studying. i hadn't realized it but they have a nice little patio section that wasn't packed at all. i went about mid-day so parking wasn't that bad and there was a lot of seating in the area. i can imagine that it gets packed in the afternoon. i didn't grab a coffee just yet but will next time! this would be an ideal place for sometime to take a quick study break or study their entire day away in!great place to relax, hangout, and kill some time over a cup of coffee. they have games, couches, and a casual ambience for social gatherings!great place with great atmosphere. lots of memorabilia and fun stuff around. couches, mood lighting and good service abound. coffee wasn't the cheapest in the world but this is chicago so what can you expect! nice place though. fast wifi.super fun concept, friendly staff, free wifi, and interesting drinks. how can things get better?! i got a peanut butter latte. amazingness. if i was local, i'd be here all the time.nerd? coffee snob? this is the spot for you. a bunch of things to admire and poke at (yeah, there's a delorean). i also liked the nintendo console they had set up. :deveryone seemed to be busy and kept to themselves. i don't strike up conversations so i wasn't looking for a whole lot, but it doesn't seem like a place to hang out with friends since everyone's so busy \"working.\"great nerd/hipster coffee shop! it made me want to live in chicago! i was in town from l.a. and with my chi-friend and i looked on yelp! and saw this place got amazing reviews and i was not wrong in listening. we walked in and to the right was.... a delorean!!!! i freaked. that and there were great star wars mugs along the wall. ok--- so i walked up to order my regular-- grande skinny vanilla latte w/an extra shot of espresso. \u00a0the cashier was kind of thrown off and didn't have the best personable skills but she was nerdy and fun so i was good. :) overall a good experience with semi-cute nerds. \u00a0we got to play mario on the couch and enjoy a cheap drink. what more could you ask for?*i'm not a coffee drinker*. \u00a0but i go here. \u00a0it has a cool vibe and this is a great place to use my laptop outside of the house. \u00a0i'll buy *something*, as i'm not a jerk that's going to occupy space and use their power/wifi without being a customer.i'm really divided whether they're trying too hard to be hipster... and trying to hard to appeal to the nostalgia associated with the formative years of myself and the people who share my age demographic.... or if they're nailing it.young, hip, urban and centered around good coffee. a friend and i went to wormhole this morning and i think i have a new infusion of hipster in me. not only is the wicker park area a really cool part of chicago but the coffee there is really good as well. my friend, who is one great barista and coffee roaster, considers it to be the best espresso in the city. that says a lot to me. i had a pour over and it was very good... not as good as intelligentsia or madcap in grand rapids, mi but pretty good. the atmosphere is cluttered with stuff that people grew up on. they even have a tv where you can play the old super nintendo video games. woah! i'm sure if i'm back in the area, i will try to drop by. the really nice part is that there is free parking in the surrounding neighborhood which makes it easier to get to.the atmosphere is great, lots of cute decorations. i had a ginger tea because i went at night and wanted to sleep that night (so no coffee). i wish the tea was stronger. this place is definitely a cozy place to do work in.i pretty much never write reviews, but sometimes, i just have to. wormhole has really tasty coffee, and fun decor (castle greyscull!) they also have great people, and that is what counts in the end. i only wish i didn't start work so early so i could frequent them more often.if you understand the jokes on family guy, you'll love this place because it's an 80s paradise, that also serves great coffee and treats.the obvious focal point here in the delorean, but this place has everything you remember from your childhood including lunch boxes and thermoses, console video games and even 5 1/4 floppy drives. \u00a0everything here is a tribute to that awkward decade. \u00a0ok it was awkward for me because i was a teenager.the drinks all have names reminiscent of 80s kitsch but like others say the peanut butter koopa troopa is the bomb! \u00a0if it were just atmosphere it would be great but the inclusion of great coffee drinks and methods (pour over, chemex) makes it totally tubular. \u00a0service was great and despite a long line, drinks came out quicki pulled out my laptop and worked for hours. \u00a0it's really comfy here with large chairs, benches and tables. \u00a0stay a while and enjoy yourself. my only complain: \u00a0no jolt cola. \u00a0that would be awesome if they could reproduce that because that really helped me get through the 80s. \u00a0it gives you 88 gigawatts of caffeine powerstep back to a time when any problem could be solved in 30 minutes by an all-knowing dad.love this little coffee shop has your grandmother old sofas and its just a fun little place to relax and have good coffee. if you are a peanut butter fan the koopa troopa is to die for. have funobsessed with the '80s? \u00a0even if you're not, it's nice to revisit once in a while. if you agree, wormhole fills the bill. \u00a0enjoy the time warp.i was reminded of intelligensia or next door next to milennium park when i saw the bar counter. i really like the concept of a coffee bar. it makes things more interesting and it provides more room for the customers to sit at than just plain circular tables. wow, they had an nintendo original! i immediately recognized the super mario game i used to play when i was a kid on the screen and the plastic gun for the duck shooting game :) nostalgia i think my favorite part was the bathroom. it was a calvin hobbes themed bathroom. how freakin cool is that? i really appreciated wormhole for it. normally, the conception of a public bathroom \u00a0is that it shouldn't be decorated and that it should only serve the purpose of a lavatory like a bathroom at target or ohare. but that's where people get it wrong i think. the smallest things do matter.wandered in here on a mission for great coffee and left satisfied. i ordered a peanut butter latte (i believe it was actually called the peanut butta paratroopa or something similar) and a pastry. i didn't stay long but it felt like comfy place. besides, you can't go wrong with a place that has a back to the future time machine.the coffee is delicious and watching kids play super mario bros 3 on a couch transported me back to my childhood.what didn't make my day was having an employee ask me with a bit of attitude, \"did you even try it?\" as i was putting a little sugar into my coffee.as a matter of fact i did try it, and since i paid for my own coffee, why don't you just shut your mouth and let me enjoy my coffee?! i love visiting chicago, but won't be coming back here.cool spot with a lot of seating and \u00a0really low-key. seating inside and out. coffee was less great than the place though. \u00a0i want to try more, and the flavor in my latte was nice, but it tasted watered down. i usually don't use sugar, but this latte got better with some sugar, i guess because it gave it a little more taste. i'd try it again, but with so many coffee shops around i don't crave it.are you required to have a mac here? i'm not kidding, every time i am here, its like ~85% mac laptops. the even weirder thing is that if you go to filter (just down the street, 5 minute walk), the ratio is reversed, probably 85% pc.what does this mean about wormhole? probably nothing, just an interesting observation.anyway, the coffee is good, the place is kitchy, its better than starbucks (not saying much there), and its super close to my place, so all in all, yes, i am there very often.this place has yet to let me down. i love consistency. the honey bear latte is amazing. the counter staff is always very attentive and pleasant. this is the kind of place i'll go out of my way for if i really need some good coffee. my only issue (that isn't even a real issue) i've ever had is i've never been able to get seating to hang out there. not once. that's not an awful problem, good for them! they're making money. i can take my stuff to go. but one day i'd love to just sit and hang and read a book, it looks so cozy in there! the decor is kitschy and adorable. super inviting.randomly came here because it's four blocks from bar method class and i was an hour early. walked over and man and i glad i did. it felt like being in someones over sized comfy living room who loves video games from the 80s! did i mention that they have a nintendo with lots of games... and... and... annnnnnnnddddd.... the duck hunt gun!!! i didn't know what to do with myself. i sat there and played as long as i could along with a 12 oz peanut butter koopa troopa which i highly recommend. this place is so comfy and awesome, i can't wait to go back!!!!once i walk into wormhole cafe all i can think of when i see that awesome delorean parked in the front window is huey lewis...  \u00a0don't bet your future, on one roll of the dice better remember, lightning never strikes twice please don't drive at eight, don't wanna be late again so take me away, i don't mind but you better promise me, i'll be back in time gotta get back in time gotta get back in time get me back in tiiiimeee!!!! \u00a0 \u00a0i love the loose leaf tea..definitely reccomend ordering the white tea. when i'm in the coffee mood the mochas are pretty tasty as well & i love the artwork the baristas do with the foam too. =) cool points for offering a punch card...buy 10 dranks get one free!!! the vegan blueberry muffins are pretty good too for breakast..will have to try the cereal next time i roll through! \u00a0cereal & milk..cereal & milk..cereal & milk & coffee!!!! wormhole is a cool place to chill...free wifi..old school nintendo games, board games & lotsa 80s nostalgia. in my book wormhole cafe is one of the best arooound nothin's ever gonna keep me down!!!!! wormhole's got this in the bag...yeaaaa johnny put him in a body bag!!!!everything about this place is mind blowing. the friendly atmosphere, 80's memorabilia, posters, comfy sofas and chairs, and of course, the coffee. ah, the coffee and lattes here are out of this world. perfect place to chat, catch up, gather your thoughts or study (which is what i should be doing). enjoy!kitschy (though not with such a negative connotation) with barrels full of 80s action heroes and plate glass so you can use them as tables; chill, kind of hipster vibe with good chai and a great variety of beverages, some of which they invent and change regularly. love the beverage names and definitely a place to become a regular, but apparently there are a lot of people of this opinion because getting a seat is tough!i went to the wormhole based on a zagat article posting about fun coffee drinks in chicago. \u00a0i am always up for a delicious espresso or tea latte, so i checked it out. \u00a0this place definitely has a lot of character - with 80's style lunch boxes lining the top of the bar and a full size car mounted over the restrooms. \u00a0the place was completely packed when we went and had to ask someone to move over a seat so we could sit together.i got the honey bear latte based on the zagat review. \u00a0the espresso was smooth, but the drink was not that unique. \u00a0it also was not as hot as i would have liked. \u00a0overall, this place has a lot of character and is a great place to relax, do work, catch up w/ friends.. - just don't go expecting unique drinks.get the honey bear latte iced. it's my new summer favorite!146/365great scenery for an 80s baby like me. varied selection, wifi, seating , couches all you expect in a coffee shop. parking is street. good for a quick convo or studying though i did wish they stayed open longer . imagine if this was 24 hr man wouldn't leave this place for studyingonly went here once, but was very impressed. i got the honey bear and it was delightful. the place was also very cute and eclectic - kind of an 80's culture/gaming vibe. saw a few people working on their laptops, there's large tables to get work done.yelp removed my original review, said it was inappropriate. so, i'll be pc for this one:i asked for a soy macchiato. not a cappuccino. very nicely, i asked the barista to make my macchiato with more foam, i like foam...instead of saying, \"sure!\" she said, \"okay...just so you know, next time order a cappuccino, just for future reference.\" now, she didn't know it but i've worked off and on in the coffee industry for seven years. so, naturally i responded, \"oh...okay. a macchiato is two shots of espresso and foam though, right?\" \"it is but we do a free pour here so. just order a cappuccino next time.\"i couldn't handle that. a sufficient, \"sure i can do that\" would have been great. so, me being me, i proceeded with, \"i guess seven years of coffee experience means nothing...\" her response? \"no, maybe not. starbucks?\" \"no.\"so, my point here is when i ask for a macchiato, i think i know what i want, and i don't think it's the job of the barista to tell me otherwise unless i'm actually wrong. what i should have told her in regards to her suggestion that i get a cappuccino, \"i don't want a cappuccino, and i don't want a cortado\". after all, if you're free pouring steamed/frothed milk, without discarding the actual liquid, you're making a cortado, and a macchiato is two shots with a dollop of foam.--update--the owner of this business and the barista i complained about responded to my review. i really appreciate that effort, as it shows that the owner cares. it was still a disappointing experience, but i do think their responding made up for it a little bit. if either of you is reading this, thank you for saying sorry.i should start off by saying i work in coffee and have for a couple of years. let me describe my experience. friendly girl takes one order before mine, then mine (two pour overs) and then i sit down. and wait. and wait. and wait. the guy in front of me gets his peanut butter something latte. and i wait. and then the person behind me gets their latte. and then they decide to call their coworker off of a couch in the back to start my drinks. at this point it has been about five minutes. i say about because i only decided to start a timer about three minutes in. this gentleman takes his sweet time getting everything set up. he then proceeds to make one of the two coffees. in the middle of making the first i watched him blow his nose and not wash his hands. then he starts on the second. so the average v60 taking 3-4 minutes means on top of the initial wait i have to wait 8 minutes for my two coffees. it took so long that one of the other patrons expressed concern for my dog who was patiently waiting outside for me. i used to go to wormhole while i was in law school before their facelift. i have only been a few times since then and every experience has been the same...last time it took ~7 minutes for my friends americano. there was one other person in the shop. he let the shot die in its cup for over a minute and then finally poured hot water on top. this is just unacceptable from a third wave coffee shop. and seriously, wash your hands if you are going to blow your nose. that is just disgusting.best coffee shop i've visited in chicago, hands down. best aesthetic, great (and cheap) coffee, and nice baristas. yes, they're quirky, but it's never obnoxious and there's always a good mix of unpretentious folks hanging out and solid music playing.we have long been regulars here, and with good reason. \u00a0i'd be willing to call them a top 3 coffee place for me.the place takes you back to the 80's ... literally, as they actually have a delorean in the place. \u00a0all the 80's decorations really make the place, but you're there for the coffee, right?we've never been disappointed here. \u00a0the honey bear is probably the best, though the bill cosby for a long time was great as well. \u00a0every employee is super friendly, so don't hesitate to get a recommendation.92/365love this place the baristas were so great, and super friendly. \u00a0 went here with my family and we all enjoyed it. \u00a0definitely recommend this spot for a great cup of coffee and some cool things to look at. \u00a0even got a hug from the barista as we left.walking into wormhole, we were concerned about finding vegan pastries for breakfast. \u00a0we had no reason to worry, because more than half of their offerings are vegan. \u00a0loved the blueberry pop tart, raspberry corn meal muffin and their coffee. \u00a0the honey bear lattes are to die for.80's memorabilia throughout takes us back to our childhood. \u00a0had fun sitting at the back couch, playing super mario bros. on an old nintendo.when it comes to coffee i'm hard to impress. i want my baristas to know what they are doing. however, i also don't want to hang out with staff and customers that act like snobs. i think wormhole is the best place in chicago to get what i want. the drinks are brewed to perfection. snacks are a good grab, especially sweets. they also mix it up with tons of fun and interesting creations. they bring you some of the very best coffee without acting like elitists.i almost didn't enjoy wormhole because it is in the hipster part of chicago. i mean empty bottles of pabst blue ribbon scatter the streets. and it's working very hard on it's 80's thing. but i have to admit it;s a great place to hang out and i loved it's cheesy 80's style even if the hipsters also love it.the truth is the food, drinks, staff and decor are fun. i always feel comfortable. i find it one of the best places to study. music is kept at a good level (always 80's) and you can bunker down into a variety of seating arrangements.the chocolate croissant is perfect- flakey on the outside, doughy on the inside. the mochas are good too, they aren't as sweet as some mochas but aren't bitter either... they are right in the middle. \u00a0if you are planning on reading or needing light, the front of the coffee shop by the windows has more light. \u00a0the back is a little dark. \u00a0good music and nice atmosphere.quiet yet bustling atmosphereunearthly honey bear latte plenty of seats and outlets with a great wifi connectionshipster baristas and one of the few caf\u00e9s in the city where it's actually warm during the winternothing to not love abt this place. two negatives, is that allowed?the coffee was slightly above average. \u00a0but the atmosphere and environment were off the chart. \u00a0with skinny jeans coming back this 80s throwback theme took me back to the future where i remember playing super mario for days and hours upon hours knowing all the tricks. \u00a0loved it, couldve hung out there all day, and of course i ordered multiple drinks bc the atmosphere made it all come together, the quality of coffee didnt matter at that point as i was living the experience!!!what is even better than going to brunch on saturday? going to the wormhole and sipping on a cappuccino while eating a bowl of cinnamon toast crunch! this place takes you back to saturday mornings as a kid. it's fun, coffee is good, and cereal selection is the bomb.i have to go down the wormhole at least once every time i visit chicago to try the creative seasonal special. i've tried the bill cosby banana pudding latte which was great and the harrison gourd espresso which was interesting but way too small. to be honest the drinks are extremely overpriced, 5 dollars gets you a 12 ounce beverage compared to a 24 ounce venti at starbucks. also my wife always complains her drinks are too strong or burnt tasting, even the peanut butter mocha which i thought she would love. but you also get top quality ingredients, strong flavorful coffee, cool atmosphere, toys and foam art! make sure you take a peak before you put on the to-go lid. i also love that if your drink is to stay it is served in a real mug instead of a paper cup.you go to wicker park to be among the hipsters, if not just stick to another neighborhood. we were strolling the neighborhood and stopped by for chai and iced coffee. the drinks were pretty good. the seating and decor were lots of fun. they have video game and pop culture posters, an old-school tv with a super nintendo for you to play and a full delorean to oogle at!drinks: 4/5service: 4/5location: 5/5i love to come here either to read, study, or chat with friends. i love their chai latte and jasmine tea. it's a really cozy place. the only thing is it can get very crowded and can be hard to find a space after 9pm because this place closes later than other coffeeshop. staffs here really nice.awesome coffee awesome vibes. great while waiting for your table at one of the neighboring breakfast joints.great place to get back in the 80s and enjoy your coffee experience there. a little bit loud music, but plenty of space to work on your laptop.discovered halfwit coffee here - nutty and wonderful. whatever glorious muffin i chose was delightful (pretty sure most items are vegan) - corn bread-ish with raspberries and a little bit o love. i appreciate a place that makes the soy milk immediately available.. good place to get some work done - the other patrons are right there with you and the baristas are the friendliest hipsters in town. good tunes selection that is just loud enough you can still chat about the delorean hangin outgreat chai tea latte. love the laid back vibe here. great place to work from with pretty high speed wifi. 'nuff said. wonderful place for an extroverted introvert.the place overall has a very neat vibe. it reminds me more of a comic book store mixed with a peet's. i ordered a simple house coffee and i do not think i was prepared for the taste. it was reminiscent of coffee that has gone bad, very bitter and sour aftertaste. i am sure the other options are great, but i personally did not enjoy it. i am willing to give it another shot next time i am nearby.as yelp says for 4 star reviews - \"yay! \u00a0i'm a fan\"the space is legit. \u00a0it's a really chill environment located in a not so chill area, but you'll want to chill after looking for parking on milwaukee avenue. \u00a0the koopa troopa everyone raves about is worth raving about. \u00a0i ordered an extra shot because i thought it would be too sweet, but it definitely wasn't. \u00a0and the extra shot just added another dimension to the flavor. the drip coffee they were serving was from half wit. \u00a0i'm not a black coffee drinker - i need milk/cream/something in it. \u00a0until today. \u00a0i tried half wits peru blend, and it was amazing. \u00a0i drank it black, liked it so much i bought a bag of beans, and got another free coffee with it, which i proceeded to drink as well.-1 star because i didn't feel the baristas were very friendly. \u00a0i live near a lot of coffee places i frequent, and they are always pleasant, no matter what time of day i visit.i left wormhole in good spirits, buzzed from the caffeine, and ready to tackle the rest of my work day.yay! \u00a0i'm a fan!such a neat place. love the decor, \u00a0the atmosphere, and of course the coffee. coconut macaroons are mouth-watering good. def recommend!best chai latte i've ever had! perfect and beautifully topped! enjoyable space, even with the droves of people that stop in, and for good reason! can't wait to go back!love the atmosphere! they have a \u00a0good cup of coffee and it's a great place to hang while you're waiting for you table at the bongo room!thank you, wormhole coffee, for giving me free cocoa puffs just for getting coffee (and not thinking it was too weird when i asked for the coffee in the cocoa puffs), and for letting me have breakfast next to a delorean. \u00a0was i dreaming that? nope, the internet confirms: this place does exist, it's for real. \u00a0don't knock a good idea, especially if it involves the 80's. not in my house! to anyone who didn't get tip-toppity service: maybe you weren't cracking the right jokes? i had a blast just ordering, complete with instant inside jokes and high fives. i feel like if i lived in chicago and came here regularly, the staff and i would be ...how do you say? b.f.f.one of my favorite places to stop at in chicago! i don't know what else to say that no one has already said. i could spend a couple hours in there and not feel unwelcome. they have a nintendo system in the back with super old games. and a couple calvin and hobbes books that i remember reading under my pillow in elementary school. the place is usually crowded but i've studied here and had no issues finding an outlet. the cold brew is great. i also liked the honey latte and i'm not a huge fan of lattes, so it's worth a try. the last time we were here, we also tried an iced country grammar which is basically iced tea with espresso and lemon. i'm not sure if i'd get it again over a regular coffee but it was very unique & perfect for a hot day.this place made me happy. \u00a0it could have been the 80s lunch boxes, or the retro movie posters (coming to america!!!) or the delorean. \u00a0it was probably all of the above. \u00a0and of course, the coffee. \u00a0the place was packed, but i was happy to find a comfortable and cozy seat in the back where i could enjoy my honey latte and a chat with an old friend. \u00a0coffee was fantastic. \u00a0i'm no coffee aficionado (i get my morning brew from 7-11), but it got the thumb's up from my husband who gets coffee more than i do. \u00a0you may have to wait for your drink but its definitely worth it. \u00a0don't worry, there is plenty of throwback items to admire while waiting for your brew. \u00a0yep, i like it...the wormhole is has a permanent spot on my chicago short list of places to visit.i just had a horrible experience with a person working the counter. \u00a0i ordered the vegan doughnut and a tea to go. \u00a0i made a special trip for the vegan doughnut on my very short lunch break. \u00a0she dropped the doughnut hole on the counter and didn't bother to apologize and i quickly said \u00a0\"oh, i don't mind!\"meaning please put the hole in the bag with the rest of the doughnut and she did not even bother to ask me to clarify what i meant she simply picked up the doughnut hole and threw it in the garbage! \u00a0to my absolute horror. \u00a0the worst part was that she did not even apologize! \u00a0did i mention that?! \u00a0so rude ;-(.i am not going back.anna likes this place. cozy. don't worry no worms here! lol.... it's a fun spot! see for yourself!i think i just walked back to the future, and it's not because they have a delorean dmc 12 seating in the middle of the coffee shop. it's because of the awesome ghostbuster throw back posters and the gremlins stuffed animals over the counter top. (props). i can't believe that i used to live down the street from this gem of a coffee shop and never ventured inside. well sunday was my first day, and i can't believe that i snoozed on such a killer dope spot. the staff is the friendliest, nicest, most kick ass attitude you can find in the area. the lady behind the counter was cracking jokes and living life up. mad cool peeps.we started off with the tiger's blood and peanut butter koopa troopa (check the photo's).both drinks were mad tasty, and made with love.they also have tons of power outlets if you needed to get some work done. the community seating is pretty cool, but the best seat is the window corner banger. wormhole is mad bomb. go check it out, and grab a tasty pick me up'er. dope 80's action figures everywhere.if you lived in the 1980s, you'll find wormhole comfortable. \u00a0it has the feel of an art exhibition of that decade, complete with memorabilia from goonies, back to the future, nintendo, california raisins, and countless other old childhood favorites.coffee shops are effectively the offices of nightowl workers and the libraries of away-from-school students. \u00a0unfortunately there are only a handful of places open past 10:00. \u00a0this is unfortunate for anyone who gets home and finishes dinner late. \u00a0wormhole is open till midnight, which is a simple but incredibly useful feature. also, there are large desks and a stimulating yet non-distracting atmosphere to keep you on task with whatever work you bring in.some of their coffee drinks are gorgeous. all of their coffee beans are delicious.i highly recommend their vanilla bean latte.the best thing about this place is the atmosphere, though. i mean, they have a freaking delorean in the window. the whole place is like a blast from my childhood.the baristas are extremely nice, approachable, and sometimes hilarious. i just wish parking was a bit better around here, but i doubt most of their clientele (i'm assuming bikers) mind.if only these little coffee places along milwaukee were open late...maybe one day i'll go to a coffee shop for coffee. maybe the bulls will have a winning season (since it's possible i might actually go to a coffee shop for coffee, i needed to pick a team i wouldn't hate to see win). but, disregarding the world of maybes for the reality of... reality, it's important to note that even if you're not chugging down java, wormhole is still a rad place to spend some time.first off, if you're 28-40, enjoyed any part of the 1980s, remember when lunchboxes were metal weapons and movie posters were integral part of marketing campaigns, you will love this space. i promise. there's a freaking delorean in the window. you will fight with children for the opportunity to get inside. you will cheat to win. you will not care. to come up with a decor this awesome, you might assume the staff is totally awesome (see, '80s). you assume correctly. from baristas to owners, the folks at wormhole will treat you right and you'll be happy for the experience.so, what does someone who admits to binky sabotage in order to prevail in a match of wits with a toddler enjoy at a coffeeshop of this sort? sprecher root beer and ginormous chocolate chocolate chip muffins. i don't know where one began and the other ended. all i know is that i ate/drank inside wormhole, on the street, at the park, in my car... and, suddenly, i was at home, with a face covered in crumbs and a belly burping caramel carbonation. and, i was happy.i mean, there are random ets, cookie monsters and atari systems just laying about this place. there might even be a yelp lunchbox in the mix. win.i drink coffee all over chicago and these guys are using the most flavorful beans and best brewing of all. the inside decor is funky too. have you seen a delorean car up close? no, you are not over-caffeinated. it's the real thing.lots of seating--bar and couch and chair options.friendly employees who don't talk down to you.reasonable prices.delicious beverages.total win.suuuper strong decaf!!!aaaaah : dthe interior was awesome. the customers were paul from the wonder years. i see why it was called wormhole. people inside reminded me worms in a hole. richard scary's lowly worm model to be exact. i liked the floppy disks, decor and coffee.cool ambiance. \u00a0makes you feel like a kid, even if its not your generation of toys.i've never had better coffee. \u00a0i so want to create a new position in our office and bring this home.out-of-towner here, so i have been here once.excellent coffee. i got the homemade vanilla bean. superb, with great aroma and a pretty little milk flower on top. the decor is also quite lovely, with retro games and movie fixtures. sooooo tempted to buy their goonies inspired shirt! recommend going for sure.at the end of the first \"back to the future\" film, doc brown exclaimed to marty, \"where we're going we don't need roads!\" the future he referred to was 2015, where flying cars are the norm and everyone still looks like they're in the '80s.come 2014, i don't see this wonderful-sounding future without roads, but i do see wormhole, a beacon of hope in cloudy present-day chicago, dense with a starbucks and pretentious coffee roaster on every hip block. wormhole does not follow the road. it avoids it, flies over it with it's dorkifying 80s theme and the ability to make a great coffee beverage from the right beans and the oddest of ingredients.let's start with the vibe. there are 80s geek culture references all over the place. even if you aren't a geek you'll still appreciate it. from gremlins to nintendo, i loved every bit of it, but my 7 year old past self freaked out when i saw the 80s replica of the emperor's imperial shuttle from return of the jedi. so it gets pretty geeky.and my, is that a real delorean that has been fitted to look like the one from back to the future?!now to the coffee-- the place appears to be a flagship coffee shop for halfwit coffee, which is a local chicago roaster that doesn't take itself too seriously. despite this, the stuff is very bold, very tasty, and overall very awesome. i would suggest trying the drip coffee if you really want to savor the flavor of the coffee, otherwise, go straight to the specialty menu. the koopa troopa is my favorite-- made with real peanut butter, you may be think about the consistency or the risk of getting a cavity immediately. however, don't. the coffee and peanut butter somehow mix together perfectly. it's amazing.my second favorite was a past seasonal, the cosby classic, which tasted exactly like banana-pudding. just the way bill likes it. i think the new seasonal is a curry latte, which is as interesting as it sounds. none of these sugary or savory flavors overpower the coffee either-- everything is balanced out very well.seriously fly here as fast as you can. it's the future of coffee rooted in an 8-bit past.this is my favorite place in the wicker park neighborhood. i love to go there to play nintendo. the decor is total 80's kitsch. what can one say about how '80s a place is when there is a delorean time machine hanging on the wall? the aesthetics of the place are quite captivating. local people have contributed small things like handmade coasters and tapestries that make the place feel more homey. aside from the environment, the coffee served is wonderful, whether hot or cold. the honey bear latte and peanut butter koopa troopa are two incredible concoctions. the baked goods are delicious as well. this local shop is the wonderful anti-starbucks. i love coming here in my free time to enjoy a drink and a game.good coffee and atmosphere. music is loud-ish but good for being productive and if anything drowns out chatter. i especially like the whale paintings near the back. the espresso machine is some kind of strada and they seem to know how to use it. i think they get coffee from half wit and honestly i don't know much about them yet.it is not uncommon for me to come here 2+ times a day. sometimes i feel weird, like i'm a clingy ex girlfriend who keeps coming back. \"oh, it's you again?\". thankfully no one has pointed out the fact that i spend just as much time here as i do at home or school. i come here every morning that i have class. i basically survive on their coffee and cornbread berry muffins. i think it officially makes up 60% of my diet, all for +/- $5 a day.the only problem with this place is that it is frequently busy and it is hard to predict when there will be open space to sit down. i guess this isn't so much a problem as it is a testament to how great this place is. i often have to awkwardly hover until someone finally leaves. oh well. best coffee/espresso in the city. hands down. intelligentsia doesn't have shit on wormhole.great little coffee spot. then again, any spot lined with video game & star wars memorabilia, calvin & hobbes art, and a full size delorean is pretty awesome. hipsters feel right at home here. and the coffee works as advertised.well done, wormhole.i love, love, love this coffee shop. it feels like my '80s childhood, but the place is no gimmick. their coffee is for real! i have to stick to decaf if i'm there for too long. i go here way more than i should to get sh*t done. the caffeination coupled with inspiration from my youth makes me all warm, fuzzy and productive. i definitely recommend coming in on off-hours if you plan on sitting. the place can get crowded. as far as menu items, i recommend the peanut butter koopa troopa for first-timers. \u00a0their seasonal offerings are good, too. can't wait to try the cool but rude!there's a delorean in this coffee shop. \u00a0do i even need to say anything else?ok, i'll say something about the actual shop, too. \u00a0but there's a delorean in here!!!!!!! \u00a0ahhhh!!!the space is really nice, large and inviting. \u00a0on a thursday afternoon, the place wasn't full up but it was pretty packed. \u00a0my coworker and i found a place on the couch to work, which was fine. \u00a0there was still chair/couch space available. \u00a0there's a long bench table for laptop working, which was nice, but of course full. \u00a0i bet you could squeeze in early in the a.m. or late in the p.m. \u00a0they're open early and close late, which is a plus for anyone who wants to work and/or hang out.unfortunately, i didn't sample any coffee because i was hungry, so i made a mistake and got their food. \u00a0even though i give this place five stars (mostly for that delorean and it's potential), the food is awful. \u00a0i'm not sure where they purchase this stuff from or if they make it in house, but it's truly terrible. \u00a0my vegetarian sandwich was too giant hunks of bread with almost nothing in the middle. \u00a0the label boasted an array of veggies and hummus, but i could hardly detect any of this once i started eating. \u00a0i essentially just purchased two enormous, dry pieces of bread with a teaspoon of hummus in the middle for $5. \u00a0the bottled coke was ok, so i guess that made it a little better. \u00a0could you get some bottled diet coke, please? \u00a0don't get the food. \u00a0period.i'm not sure how the desserts are, but after my experience with the awful food, i may not even try to sample. \u00a0the coffee products are served in reusable mugs and cups (plus) and my coworker said the coffee was delicious, so wormhole definitely has potential. \u00a0the space is great and i can see myself coming here to work and hang out. \u00a0the decor is reminiscent of my room circa 1991 (80s movies posters and a pound puppy lunch box), which i of course appreciate. \u00a0i love the decor and i know i'll be back to work in the future.super popular for a reason: excellent coffee, nice staff, and wonderful atmosphere. on brunch mornings put your name in at bongo room then head here to grab some pre-brunch coffee and wait for your table to open up.ok, someone needs to hop into that delorean that's parked up front and build a wormhole coffee in toronto, stat. so much to adore about this unique and charming coffee shop:* cute baristas who may or may not have even been alive in the 80s* a big, communal table where students and freelancers co-work on their laptops in harmony* furniture that's a mix of modern and vintage but not those lame, kitschy disc chairs that were so popular in the early 80s. there are multiple sunken living rooms here and the vibe is super casual and welcoming.* artwork is full of movie posters from the best decade ever, including ghostbusters, weird science, goonies, gremlins and top gun* 80s cereal like cocoa puffs for snacking* i shit you not, a drink called a bobacino. named after boba fett.and they serve stumptown and metropolis coffee. what more can you ask for, but a location closer to you?we love this place!!! \u00a0it's so unique. \u00a0the coffee is the most quality i've ever tasted. plus there is the d'lorean from back to the future in it. \u00a0i think you will enjoy this place but warning it get crowded and you won't find a set but that fact remaining, you will have a unique time and you will appreciate the unusual atmosphere.only in chicago would you find a place like this! \u00a0i agree with the reviews that stated that they enjoyed this place and so will you.i love this place!i've been searching for years for that perfect coffee shop to sit down and write. i adore dollop (in buena park), but i never could get focused and writing there. wormhole gets my creative juices flowing, i guess they just have the perfect vibe for me. maybe it's all the '80's movies goods, i'm a big ol' geek. the staff is fantastic, always friendly. prices are average for a coffee shop. great coffee and teas. i recommend this place to friends constantly. :-)great drinks, great pastries, and a great environment. if i lived closer if be there everyday. for now i'll settle for a biweekly drive and it's totally worth it!wormhole is an awesome place to hang out for an afternoon of free wi-fi and some coffee. \u00a0i'm not a huge fan of their coffee--it's ok but i've yet to have something that really wowed me. \u00a0however, the vanilla specialty drink is quite yummy. \u00a0not for you coffee purists, but its a nice vanilla latte (~$5 for a 12 oz), a little sweeter than i would have preferred but not overly so, with the vanilla really coming through. \u00a0the ambiance and comfiness of the coffee shop are really its selling points. \u00a0wi-fi usage and spending hours parked on their couches or at the large tables is encouraged, with an abundance of outlets provided. \u00a0everybody i've met there has been incredibly friendly (the customers) and the staff are great as well.my only complaint is that the flat, dark walls make the coffee dark even at noon time--some newer white or off grey walls would be much appreciated to brighten up the place. \u00a0a few scattered lamps, some spotlights, and the dark furniture give it an aura of a cozy nook even on the brightest days though, so if that's what you're looking for, this is a great place to get some work done.p.s. i couldn't get my wi-fi to work the last time i was there (never had a problem before) but free people is right next door and well, we all know wi-fi signals can traverse walls...i hit ctrl + f and found the word \"best\" 9 times. let's make that 13. best (11) best (12) best (13)greatest coffee, service, quality of goods, environment, nostalgia if you were actually born before 1985, and incredibly friendly people. i have had a tendency of getting their just before they shut down the espresso machine when working midnights and they amount of guilt that was imposed was politely minimal at best. i kid! they are great. a must-stop if you are visiting and need a good latte while you use their wifi to figure out why milwaukee avenue and damen are so confusing.best. ah, 14 times.best. chai. ever.stopped in here after a loooong walk. we were looking for a cafe with character, a place that evoked the same vibe as our favorite college hangout, with weird art, friendly but eccentric baristas, and solid coffee drinks.wormhole didn't disappoint. yes, as other reviewers have noted, it is full of the wicker park hipsters (less intimidating than the williamsburg species, which i encounter frequently in my current brooklyn neighborhood). in fact, the hipster next to us was kind enough to interject his restaurant opinions, allowing me to stare into his piercing blue eyes* while he did so.but i digress. the chai tea i ordered was the single best chai i've ever had. and i've drunk chai in ~10 countries, on 3 continents. so....you should probably try it. most chai teas fall into either the sweet camp or spicy camp, disappointing those in the other camp. this one straddles the line between the two perfectly. the barista topped it off with a beautiful milky-foam flower, and this seattle girl appreciates coffee art.only complaint about wormhole: not enough seating.-*my boyfriend noticed the eyes, too. it wasn't just me.great coffee and very comfortable chill spot. with 90s decor that made it interesting and fun.i stopped in at the wormhole on a short trip to chicago - i was walking down milwaukee ave looking for some coffee and i didn't immediately notice this was even a coffee shop until i got close enough to see people sitting with big mugs of coffee in the window.am i ever glad i did!upon walking in, you're immediately greeted by a great decor of vintage sci-fi collectibles. \u00a0although the decor may sound out of place, it wasn't overdone or tacky, but just right and enhanced the atmosphere. \u00a0with a lot of customers sporting modern smartphones and laptops, emperor palpatine's shuttle and castle grayskull created a nice little juxtaposition.oh, did i forget about the coffee? \u00a0that's the best part. \u00a0i wish i had found this place on my first day, rather than my last in chicago. i really only got a chance to drink their coffee once, and boy was it a nice roast, properly extracted for my enjoyment, by a super nice barista!simply amazing coffee. great service. great space.the coffee is good.however, the waitstaff here consists of self-important hipster douchebags that look they haven't showered in two weeks and rude are enough to scoff at you if you don't hear them mumble your name when your order is ready. it's as if they are paying you to make their product. seriously, guys. you make good coffee, but it is going to be a while before i come back again. there are places with better baristas.peanut butter latte for the win. great space, it's cute and spacious yet intimate which can be tough to pull off. i obviously has the peanut butter latte but i'm sure you would not be disappointed by any of their coffee drinks. definitely a wicker park favorite.the coffee is ok, the atmosphere is definitely unique and interesting;it's worth a stop in.it is a special cafe, the decoration is interesting, but a little small and crowded, maybe because it is hot and popular~hohoi like peanut butter koopa~ it is very smooth.if it is not too crowded, i would like to stay there for a whole dash for reading.so i was ready to take a break after the first round of chicago reviews but had to log back in to make sure i address...what is only known as...the wormhole. or, \"the hole,\" among locals, i'm guessing. i would certainly call it \"the hole\" if i lived around the area.this place...has amazing coffee...sells retro lunch boxes (i bought a peanuts one)...has star wars posters and ghostbusters posters...a nintendo or something in the back...and a butt load of people pretending to do work on their laptops. it is undeniably hip. it has a paper drawing of a scientific wormhole or some shit on the front door. that is freakin' hip. i live for coffee places like this. substitute live with yelp.i was visiting a friend in wicker park and we decided to have brunch at the bongo room. instead of sitting outside in the heat for our 30 minute wait we scooted over to \u00a0wormhole for a pre-brunch coffee, and i'm so glad we did. i loved the place immediately. all of the little pieces of decor kept bringing back old memories of being a child in the 80s - especially the perler bead art.instead of my usual americano i decided to go froofy and got some honey latte that had a fun name; i was intrigued by it because they used local honey in it, which makes me warm & fuzzy inside. it was really good, i enjoyed every sip of it. the only downer was the wait for our drinks. but that means two positive things to me: people like the place, and they don't rush making drinks.plus, not only do they have good coffee & service (most important) but i sat on a comfy couch getting my ass kicked at dr. mario while enjoying my drink; not a bad way to start a morning. i was very excited to go back the next morning, but circumstances kept me from my coffee. next time i'm in the wicker park area though, \u00a0you can bet your koopa ass i'll be stopping at wormhole.i was waiting on line for quite a while (about 5 minutes) with only 1 person in front of me. i was busy ready emails on my phone and finally looked up and realized the only reason i was waiting for so long is because the employee was friends with the person in front of me. there was no sense of urgency to end the conversation or to continue it while taking my order. i tried to interrupt and got an attitude, so i happily walked a couple blocks to starbucks. i guess talking about bicycles and who's mustache is cooler is more important than serving customers.overall, i like this place. the atmosphere/clientele is definitely the classic wicker park \"hipster\"/yupster scene. the decor is 80s and has some interesting artwork on the walls. it's extremely chill and perfect for reading, working, or studying (though i was here on a wednesday evening, so could be different other times). the music selection is also really good (an essential for a good coffee shop). the coffee itself is good, but not amazing. i tend to go for variations of different south american blends (colombian, brazilian, etc.) but this is definitely more along the lines of lattes, americanos, cortados, etc. - with a few specials like (iced or hot) vanilla bean.the only major downside for me was the service - it wouldn't be wicker park without a dash of elitism. i was greeted with a weird sense of entitlement and condescending demeanor, including getting asked: \"do you know what that [my coffee drink] is?\". thankfully, i'm not there to chat with the staff, so i got over this one negative aspect and focused on the good elements of this place.if any place had iron goddess of mercy... soldgreat atmosphere fast internet this place is so awesome. so don't come here because than it will be too busy. and i love this place just the way it is. the humans behind the register are usually really nice.1.21 gigawatts! \u00a0this place is a total time warp, so any child of the 80's should appreciate such fine kitsch as they have decorating the cafe. there is a delorean in the back, as you can see in the photo, as well as multiple smaller scale deloreans around on counters and shelves and such. \u00a0mogwais, smurfs(or is it smurves?) various old-school lunchboxes transport me to a time when we didn't wear seat belts and cell phones came with it's own backpack they were so huge. \u00a0i really like this place, i like the tea selection and the inventive coffee drinks. \u00a0the one thing i don't like? \u00a0there's an employee here who seems to either be extremely unhappy with his job or i remind him of some ghoulish figure from a nightmare of his, or maybe he hates the world? \u00a0or maybe he's had some kind of medical mishap that froze his face expressionless save for the contemptuous look in his eyes for those damned \"paying customers\". \u00a0i honestly don't know. \u00a0he did put a pretty kick ass leaf into my koopa troopa though, so thanks for that. \u00a0but maybe smile a little? \u00a0unless you physically can't, i don't think there's no reason to be a bit cheery if you work in a place that could possibly put a happy start or ending to hundreds of people's days.so other than the coffee and tea, they do have cookies and other pastries, along with those crazily priced macarons. \u00a0for some reason my wife loves to buy these. \u00a0i think they taste good and all and they are darned delicate, and i'm sure they're not easy to make, but i just feel a little like someones laughing when i buy a cookie the size of my thumb for a dollar or sometimes more. \u00a0if you come here i recommend the peanut butter koopa troopa, that is, as long as you aren't allergic to nuts. \u00a0i love peanut butter, so this drink is right up my alley, and isn't too chunky with the peanut love as with other peanut butter based coffee drinks i've had at other places. \u00a0it's a little like peanut butter cap'n crunch, cocoa crispies and coffee blended together. \u00a0this makes wormhole worth the trip. \u00a0one thing i didn't agree with, the bedrock, which is fruity pebble syrup with cereal milk and espresso over ice. \u00a0the drink is $3.75, and is advertised as 7 ounces, \u00a0i'm not sure if that's the actual fluid volume of the drink or if that is the size of the cup. \u00a0and it was a good drink; slight fruit sugariness with coffee, turns out to mesh pretty well. \u00a0i would just appreciate the the price lowered or the size enlarged.so if you're in the wicker area and are in need of a jolt of caffeine and nostalgia and a splash of hipster angst, come on down to wormhole.not a bad place to set up shop and work all day - if you can find a seat. great coffee, great lattes, great tea. but the seating isn't great and it can sure ruin your plan if you can't find a place to sit! the internet is reliable and the ambiance is fun.by far the coolest coffee shop ever. it has super unique decor, i mean they have the delorean from back to the future in their shop... a delorean!!! the service is top notch and everybody super friendly. the menu is just as unique as the decor. my two fave items are the peanut butter koopa troopa latte and the cosby classic.the only qualm i have with the place is the lightening. i don't find it conducive to studying. however, it's still a decent place to get work done. \u00a0overall, top notch establishment.loved the coffee here....however i'm not too sure about the pastries since i've seen bugs crawling around the counter top over the pastry display... nifty coffee cups and a fun scene.staff is very friendly and yes the delorean is cool. but the hordes of 20 somethings that linger here silently on laptops for hours on end make for a somewhat creepy vibe. after a few irritated glares while trying to have a conversation with my friends, i was ready to leave. maybe i am getting old, but i thought coffee houses were for getting jacked up on caffeine and talking a lot.ahhhh my favorite mocha in wicker park! thumbs up for the real espresso shots pulled at worm hole. on the more expensive side (all coffees more than $4) but worth the price. also love the ginger cookies and assorted cereals from my 1980's childhood.conveniently located off the 56 milwaukee bus line. really crowded and loud on the weekends, can be hard to study without headphones. also, tables are really dark for reading. really cold inside during the winter, so bundle up! \u00a0despite all this stuff, my favorite coffee shop in wicker park.loved this coffee shop. spacious, free wifi...wish i could camp here everyday. plenty of character. the honey bear latte was surprisingly tasty - recommend!i was in search of a coffee house to study for the july il bar exam which was not starbucks( sorry 'bucks but you were getting old). my fellow yelpers led me to the wormhole. i love this place! the barristas are warm and friendly, leading me to the appropriate beverage choice given my mood and personal tastes. they even decorate your latte with the swirls in your foam. \u00a0i had the peanut butter koopatroopa (say that 3x fast!!), which was a great drink! flavorful but not too sweet, i.e. i did not feel i was drinking dessert. additionally this shop boasts super clean bathrooms, comfy chairs as well as tables, \u00a0free wi-fi and fun 80's decor. from movie posters, to stuffed smurfs and ghostbusters gear, to yes a delorean. i personally loved their california raisins memorabilia. this place takes me back to my very early childhood, and makes me nostalgic for times when i did not have tests to study for!this is a great shop, but it is missing that final star because 1. lack of lighting, with only windows in front it feels very intimate- which is great for a post dinner date experience, not so great when you are trying to study at 12pm. 2. cost- if you think starbucks is expensive you haven't seen anything yet. the 12oz here is the large size (equivalent to the starbucks tall), which costs between $4-$4.75. (the average cost of a starbucks venti). if you are in bucktown give this place your business.excellent coffee and a pleasantly dark interior. offering up some amazing coffee and teas by skilled baristas. i'm an 80s kid and i love playing the retro games on that huge bulky tv in the back. always nice to sit in the front window to watch the world go by. excellent spot and excellent coffee!from the collection of cool 80's items i remember from my childhood, to the perfect designs on the top of my vanilla bean latte this place tops my list for favorite coffee stops/lounging areas. i am a morning regular and look forward to my my morning wormhole fix to kick the day off. \u00a0the vanilla bean latte is creamy, smooth, and delicious if you're looking for something to try.packed even on a thursday night. i gotta give it up to wormhole, their 80s themed d\u00e9cor and lattes are still pretty bitchin. i think they should play 80s music in keeping with the theme, instead of the millennial playlist they had going. overall, come to wormhole for the kitsch, stay for the coffee (if you can find a seat).exceptional coffee in a mug from the 90's, all of my favorite cereals (and the option to mix more than one) available, baristas who clearly love what they do, the option of sitting in a deep couch, on a stool at the bar or outside at a table, a cornucopia of good decor that distracts me from my work, and its convenient location on the wonderful and ever-interesting milwaukee avenue make wormhole coffee one of my favorite places in chicago. and it's generally always crowded so you are almost forced to share space (table, couch, etc.) with someone you don't know. so not only do you leave caffeinated and satiated, occasionally with a new friend too!some of the best coffee in town. if you are not sure about something, just ask one of the baristas. they are always up for giving recommendations, even when they're busy. if you're not in the mood for coffee, one of my favorite things is checking out their seasonal drinks. i think they have 3 or 4 a year and they are always delicious.hipster one \"lets start a coffee shop identical to all the others in the area, except we just throw in some random 80's stuff.\"hipster two \"yeah, like a nintendo and it would be sweet if we got a delorean.\"hipster one \"totally. we wouldn't have to do anything in regards to customer service, quality of product, and can have terrible seating because people would think the place is cool because of the stuff on the walls.\"hipster two \"so essentially we make a tgifridays for hipsters?\"hipster one \"bingo.\"though you must wait extremely long.. i do not mind one bit because it's always the most perfect, delicious vanilla latte! i always ask for their homemade syrup! the honey bear latte is yummy too!i love this place. the coffee is definitely 5 starts. i've had nothing but good experiences with the locally roasted halfwit beans they use. my only issue is that the place always seems to be ridiculously crowded and it can be impossible to find a seat. it's hard to really appreciate a fantastic cup of coffee in such a hectic place. i guess i'm faulting them for being too successful!i love how they put their entire focus into every cup they make. it's one of those things that separates good shops from great ones.i really like the ambiance of wormhole. if i were rating the crowd and the ambiance alone, i would give this place 5 stars. i mean, they have a delorean for christ's sake! they also have classic nintendo on a very large, monolithic boob tube. what's not to like? well, their specialty drinks are a bit pricey for the size, and they're really not that amazing. think starbucks. but if you want an amazing place to kill an afternoon, i think you will find this place to be perfect.love this place. the wait can be a tad bit long because the place is always busy and full of hipsters! i always get the vanilla bean latte and its amazing every time. the quality of the espresso beans are out of this world. best out of the local coffee shops i've tried.i liked this place more than i thought i would. i heard about it and pictured some weird nerd dungeon or something lol. but the decor was actually done fairly well and i like the open space. i had an awesome blackberry macaroon here. i ordered a vanilla bean latte, labeled as one of their best sellers. as a regular latte it was good but it had no vanilla flavor whatsoever so i don't know what that was all about. it didn't sink to the bottom either, just wasn't there. so make sure it actually tastes like vanilla. i like that you can get cereal there anytime. it was funny seeing someone order a bowl of cocoa puffs this evening lol. i do wish they had smaller tables as opposed to bigger tables because it is awkward sitting at a table with 5 other people at a cafe, just saying. i like the seats near the window though.i have been here a few times after my last review, and i have changed my opinion on this place. still not my number one wow coffee shop, but the staff is friendly, their goodies are tasty, \u00a0and they will resteep your tea for you for free. there aren't too many places to sit, but the chairs are generally comfortable, and there are a lot of outlets to choose from. no wonder this place is so popular, it's a solid coffee shop.this place is very cool! \u00a0i like the 80s theme. \u00a0the delorean is cool, as are the lunch boxes on the wall. \u00a0(i even had one of them when i was little!)i don't drink coffee, so i can't speak to that. \u00a0the bottled lemonade i had was good, as was the fresh iced tea i tried.the hummus veggie sandwich was completely lacking both hummus and veggies (as another reviewer stated). \u00a0however they don't make the sandwiches, so i wont fault them for that.the staff was really nice!so good.. i had honey bear latte and absolutely loved it! it had perfect thickness, just enough sweet and flavorful. will definitely come back while in chicago!to paraphase master yoda, \"for the jedi it is time to drink as well.\" it master yoda was seeking out a cup of java in chicagoland i bet he'd come to wormhole. although you might think wormhole is all about fun memorabilia and a cool theme there's a ton of substance going on underneath that. i got a cup of coffee cherry tea. i had never even heard of such a thing. they take the dried cherries of a coffee plant and steep them to make an herbal tea. +1 for novelty, +1 for execution and wormhole really has something going on. my only disappointed was the guy in the back bogarting the nes. he looked like he hadn't moved for weeks and the only indication of any activity was the occasional flick of the thumb to get link closer to putting together that triforce. oh well, next time.ended up having to spend the night in chicago so made my way downtown. wow what a find! delicious latte and knowledgeable batista.i enjoy working here! not a coffee drinker but they have martinelli's apple juice!coffee is great and the atmosphere is cool and hippy. do not go to study or get any work done. there are not that many tables at all. would come back just for pre or post dinner hangout or just to read a book.even though i love the coffee they serve, i feel very unwelcomed when i order there by the employees. i visited three times, hoping each experience would be better. when i stand by the counter, i feel that they intentionally ignore me and even when i say excuse me, no one will respond. i really wanted to like this place but i do not like bad service. i rather take my business across the street where i am not judged.wormhole has earned my repeat business, 100%. they have earned it by consistently preparing the highest quality coffee they can find, bringing guest roasts from across the continent. their staff has earned it by being knowledgeable and helpful, especially when the shop is busy. they are personable without being sugary. they are attentive without being needy. they're the perfect coffeehouse staff. questionable content's coffee of doom staff has nothing on these folks.i suggest drinking your coffee in-house, if you can find a seat in this bustling wicker park location. if you've got a sweet tooth, any of their specialty lattes will please; each syrup is made in-house. if you are a true coffee geek, get a manual pourover. they have a row of v60s that they're using, and rumor is that they're planning on adding a vacpot or two to the line eventually. if you're in a hurry and can't stay, their auto-drip is always fresh, and with a top-of-the-line fetco, it's no diner coffee.the wonderful, retrotastic interior design will pull you back to the 80s in an instant. it's all very eclectic but only a close study of film release dates will expose that fact. this store is practically a museum of retro sci-fi movies.first heard about this place when a friend visiting from out-of-town suggested we check out the \"coffee spot with a car parked inside\". unfortunately my friend's schedule was too packed to fit this place in, but i was able to make it. it's very laidback, with whimsical memorabilia all over the place. the coffee is execellent and it took me a few seconds to realize those cups are not cumbled plastic cups! looks like a good place to hang out with a laptop or book or friends.best coffeehouse in town. great mix of high and low brow in regard to aesthetic, coffee choices (or a bowl of cereal) and the right mix of hip and local. the best seats in the house are the counter seats. great little hooks for your jacket and close to the action of the baristas laughing about inside jokes and making pour overs. was there the day it opened and unfortunately moved recently. but it'll always be the gold standard of coffeehouses. san fran is maybe the only city i've found that has coffeehouses to rival the good vibe. late hours, good for study or chit chat, always fun conversations with strangers. and one of the better places to read the new york times (the owner last time i was there was still buying sunday copies for everyone to use. wifi is fast and reliable compared to local counterparts (lovely, filter, caffe streets, alliance, colombe). if you bike and bring your own cup, you get free coffee in the morning for commuting. did i mention bowls of cereal?this place is awesome. \u00a0vanilla latte is incredible. the 80s theme keeps one visually engaged and the eclectic crowd is fun. \u00a0definitely a place to visit when in wicker park.my favorite place for coffee (other than dundo's). the atmosphere is perfection and i am here at least three times a week (to do hw and just get away from the craziness that is the loop). this is place is a must to go to if you live in chicago. \u00a0no questions asked.i will go with pretty good here. \u00a0i had chamomile tea, i wasn't up for evening coffee. the person working at the counter turned out to be from the same area of mi where i live, so that was a fun moment. \u00a0good times. \u00a0you may have to wait or look about for seating, this place is busy.hmmm, i dunno if the vibe of this place just makes me happy so that's why i am rating it so high or what, but i love this place. \u00a0if i lived in chicago, i would come here every day. \u00a0last trip, i think i went there five times over the course of three days. \u00a0first, space is awesome, with lots and lots of seating, nice and clean bathrooms, and nostalgic 80s memorabilia everywhere (and a delorean). \u00a0and an nes in the back fully stocked with games for anyone to use! \u00a0yes, life is good. coffee i found to be somewhat pricey but pretty decent.interesting novelty place. \u00a0worth checking out a few times. \u00a0they have a great tea selection and good coffee.the baristas resent their job, or at least interacting with people who want coffee.great coffee. delorean, ooo. \u00a0nintendo, yay. clever wi-fi passwords, tee hee.... but yeah. the baristas can be real d-bags, as others have mentioned. plus, it's smallish and finding a place to sit can be a real hassle during the day.my goodness. what delicious espresso!friendly service and a wonderfully funky, 80's vibe atmosphere.i will say, the floppy disks with the wifi password printed on them made me feel a bit old.loved this place. great atmosphere and even better coffee.they have a delorean in the window! they have the original nintendo! they have really old looking couches! they get their organic chocolate from an \"adorable\" old couple in rural illinois who make it in their home! they have cheeky, ethereal baristas who dress like they're homeless! they have obscurity for obscurity's sake! they have expensive lattes that come in teeny tiny cups! and, they even have the constant flow of regular daytime customers that probably should be saving their $0/year professional hipster salary and making coffee at home...but who can resist that kind of atmosphere?! wormhole reminds me of the tv show portlandia, which is set in portland, which is near seattle, which is where starbucks was founded, which has better coffee than wormhole.being a huge rpg fan/nerd, this place was heaven. \u00a0besides the decor winning my heart a thousand times over (chrono trigger magnets...yessss), my husband loved the coffee he ordered (he's a coffee snob), and i loved the tea thathese dudes are nothing but hardcore when it comes to coffee + tea. \u00a0i've been here a few times to study when i went through teacher training, and can i tell you that sitting at the bar is not a good idea because all you want to do is watch them make different stuff 394 different kinds of ways.they have jasmine tea here. \u00a0supes important to me, as a green tea drinker. \u00a0it is just warm and fuzzy, and you get a 2nd refill of hot water. \u00a0being a child of the 80s, of course the delorian is a killer way to decorate. \u00a0also, the calvin and hobbes artwork in the bathroom tickles that soft spot in my heart.minus one star. why?the delorean is gone. back to the future? perhaps.no, seriously. the delorean is gone now. sure, we have more space to sit now, but at what cost? i'll have a pepsi free. no, tab? something without sugar. coffee.update: correction, delorean is still there! i wrote my review from only passing by the wormhole on the sidewalk. there's a new bar, rearranged furniture, and more room than ever. seeing the delorean fixed above the bathrooms now, a single thought comes to mind:\"roads? where we're going we don't need roads.\"i came here on a whim on a recent trip to chicago and loved it. i usually stick to straight-up drip coffee because i love it so much but their options were so cool and unique i was convinced to try the \"cool but rude\": a cappuccino made with curry and cardamom. it was just the right amount of sweet and basically the bomb. i sat at the bar and chatted with the friendly barista; people in general seemed to be happy and friendly (that's the chicago-ny comparison). decor is very cool, spacey and gamer. lots of seating, including comfy couches. on my way out i tried some kenyan drip and it was also great!good coffee, great ambiance!wormhole coffee is one of those perfect hot spots if you wanna get coffee, a muffin and work/surf the net. very cool art work on display. i especially like the calvin n hobbes one framed in the restroom. friendly staff and it has a wicker park vibe to it for sure. with places like these in town, its a crime to choose starbucks to hang out at. clear your schedule, carry a laptop and enjoy some \"me\" time!you walk in, see the delorean and think, 'wow, this is fucking awesome,' but then you start talking to the guy behind the counter. what changes?well, the guy behind the counter (in this instance, perhaps they have some great staff) was the very definition of pretentious. beneath his oh-so-hip hat stood five feet of \"knowledge,\" describing as if to a toddler the nuances of chocolate and 'peanut butter' that make this roast stellar. this is all fine and good if his snobbery leads to a fantastic cup of coffee, but what i found instead was a poorly roasted, over priced cup of brown water. for four dollars, i would have been better off buying a bag of folgers and brewing it with river water. i don't know, maybe you are into that.i still give the place two stars because of both the atmosphere, and their methods. as far as i can tell they put in the effort, but just didn't deliver. i would also guess that their coffees are not all bad, the problem is you should be able to expect a certain level of consistency from this type of establishment.what's not to love about this place? \u00a0cool shit on the walls, strong coffee, efficient service. \u00a0call me simple.upon entering one will ask: why dedicate what could amount to floor space for four tables in a crowded coffee shop to a back to the future styled delorean. \u00a0i actually don't like the posters tacked up on the walls, that everyone seems to admire. \u00a0it reminds me more of a boy's bedroom in the mid 80s. \u00a0but hey, it gets people walking through the door. \u00a0its the coffee that keeps everyone coming back.i've been here a few times, ordering a latte, espresso, and pour over coffee. \u00a0every drink has been delicious. \u00a0they take the modern scientific approach with exact measurements by weight of beans/water and exact temperature of the water. \u00a0this creates consistency, that is why they are consistently good. \u00a0i chatted it up with the nice barista while she did my pour over and she gave me some helpful tips for home brewing. \u00a0the staff is awesome coffee is awesome, but if you get burnt out on hipsters, you might want to take your drink to go.coffee was okay but the staff and vibe is great. love the vintage touches and space for studying, laptop hangs and bar chairs for sippin'. would come back (if ever in town again).how have i not done a review for the wormhole yet?! i stop in whenever i go to the bongo room which i can't do too often because i will get fat.i love taking people here, it's a really great atmosphere. however, i hadn't been in awhile and when i took a friend there last saturday morning i was suprised to see the rehab on this place. for starters, i miss the delorean in the front window, but it's nice that there's extra seating there. i also miss my ferris bueller/griswold family-esque basement couch so i can play paperboy and contra. there are fewer gremlin toys too.other than that, it's still cute and a hipster place to go too. it can get crowded at times as people fight for space to get on the wi-fi. i don't drink coffee but from what i've been told it's really good. i stick to the cocoa and i like the designs they make with the foam- it makes me feel special. i've had a muffin from there before and it was also really good. i will definitely come back, but i miss more of the 80s stuff they used to have around the place.the decor is cool. that is the only reason i give this place one star instead of petitioning yelp to add a zero star rating. i came at 10:30 on labor day. the girl at the register was nice (although she forgot my muffin), but the generic dark-haired hipster dude making the coffee was awful. as i stood waiting for my wife's chai latte (rung up as a \"chai uh lebuff\". i promise i wanted to like this place), i witnessed him tell another couple that it was their fault he had dumped their drinks because they had not heard him announce their drinks from across the busy coffee shop (mind you, the staff was announcing drinks only to a corner of the shop at volumes more appropriate for a library). he grudgingly agreed to make their drinks again, complaining the entire time. as they put my wife's drink on the counter, another woman immediately grabbed it and stuck it in her mouth. she gets zero stars for human decency. i could not get the staff's attention, at which point my wife walked up to figure out why her latte had not come out for 20 minutes. i explained the situation to her, and went to drink my now-cold coffee. when (i assume) that woman's latte came out, another dude tried to claim it from my wife. when she said it was her's, the evil hipster dude said that she had probably missed her's and he had probably \"chucked it\" because she was not paying attention, and when she insisted that was not the case he turned his back and told her to work it with the other guy.there are more than a few places to get coffee in this neighborhood. we were just visiting chicago, but i definitely would never, ever come again. i like my coffee with sugar and cream, not scorn and derision. take your business elsewhere.best coffee house in chicago, hands down. i already added a tip but am now writing a review to give props to this awesome place. no complaints here, just the triple threat of good coffee, good service, good atmosphere. we didn't even get hipster attitude from the baristas--an annoying aspect of most wicker-ukie-logan joints that is pleasantly absent here. more than espresso, they have everything here, from chemex to pourovers to a variety of teas. the pastries are unique and amazing. the fun '80s pop culture decor is totally awesome.wormhole is my absolute favorite for coffee shops in the city. my only real complaint-and let's get it out of the way now-is they're too popular. now, i could just order to go, but a major positive feature of wormhole's is their decor; i require a substantial amount of creative stimulation, so being in that 80s-clad space with star wars mugs, 80s movie posters-both classic and not so much, nintendo cartridges and castle grayskull replicas (!) satisfies that need.so, also, there's coffee. and the honeybear latte has set a new standard for me in the category \"hot brewed beverage\"-i pretty much go the poor man's route anywhere else now and just squeeze entire containers of honey into a large latte (special shout-out to honey: it's amazing).i snuck in and had your iced vanilla latte. it was delicious.i love the new interior by the way. exceptionally better than before!great coffee & ambiance. above-par-hipster service included. i highly recommend this for visitors.wormhole is really the place to go to do work/homework. a lot of seating area including couches and it's open till 11pm. overall, the coffee/lattes are good. sometimes seems crowded but only takes a minute or two for a seat to open up in my experience.whoever came up with the idea for the wormhole needs to run for public office. that's the kind of brain we need to pull this country out of the financial rut that it's in, lower the crime rate and maybe even make the digital television signal more stable. basically this person watched vh1's i love the 80s and went, \"i think that could be a caf\u00e9!\" the wormhole has quite a bit to look at on the inside. lunchboxes along the shelves, old toys and gadgets scattered throughout the place, an nes hooked up to a wood panel television set, and a real goddamn delorean parked right by the front door. i was having a hard time holding a conversation with my friend because i was too busy looking around and counting how many of their toys i had as a kid. i can't comment on their specialty drinks because i only drink regular black coffee, but it was one of the best damn cups of coffee i've had in a while: piping hot and full of flavor without that over roasted starbucks taste. it wasn't cheap, but it was still a better value than the big name coffee chains.my only problem with this place is that, despite the ample seating, it gets full pretty fast. but i guess that's to be expected because, honestly, why would you want to leave?love the neighborhood! perfect coffee house in a very urban and cute area.seats and tables were nicely arranged and spread out. \u00a0counter tops were comfy as well.coffee was good! my soy latte was def enjoyable.this place wins major bonus points for its 1980s-inspired decor. movie posters, nintendo gaming system and a delorean! definitely stop by!the coffee was pretty good - try the honeybear soy latte.but my favorite part was sitting on the comfy basement-style couch and playing super mario with my boyfriend and a stranger on a grandparents-style console tv. it's a trip to the past.am i seeing strawberry shortcake lunch boxes? am i seeing a full-size delorean, like they got in that michael j. fox flick? this here is the wormhole---someplace between borrowed nostalgia for the unremembered 80s and your local dive.now these cats don't mess around. they got an ambitious dark roast coffee. it's got a nice taste y'know. bitter, and earthy. buy one of them vegan doughnuts, you'll be getting your nice and plenty right there.now this here citrus mocha. i'd recommend it, but save it for when you need a sugary treat. you know, like a valentine's day present to your sauce, or if you have young ruffians in need of a sugar spike, this they might like. it was a little too much for me, but i gather there's a time and place.so yeah, stop on in. stay long enough, you won't just be thinking back about the 80s, you'll be living there.came to try the nitro coffee after having beatrix's nitro earlier that day. beatrix takes the cake on this one, no nitro mouthfeel to wormholes take on the nitro coffee, pretty disappointing. cool atmosphere though!i was a little confused when i walked in but then i saw the delorean parked inside. i must have blasted to the past! i was greeted by gizmo! love my gizmo! this cafe makes a 20-30 year-old reminisce about their childhood. i zoned out by staring at all of the fun retro little gadgets including a nintendo and sooo many games! \u00a0i literally felt like i walked into a 80s movie set! \u00a0sitting by the window, i saw longboarders ride by and a huge bear-like dog just chilling out on the sidewalk leashless.the music is insanely awesome. they don't have caramel so i ordered the peanut butter koopa troopa which was delicious. fruity pebble pastry?!? could it get any better?! im so transfixed on this cafe! walking by it you would think its a dump, boy was i wrong! i totally want to go back!i've only been here twice. \u00a0i'll leave the ambiance descriptions to johnny t et all. \u00a0you really must check it out. \u00a0i had a coffee drink the first time that was well-made but didn't strike me enough to remember it clearly. \u00a0however, several months ago we stopped in here and i got the tomahawk (a mate tea, frothed milk. and some serious spicyness.) \u00a0it was the most interesting and delicious drink that i've ever had. \u00a0you think i'm being dramatic, but i really mean it.at first i thought that wormhole was mostly about their unique interior and might be able to stay in business just because cereal and a delorean will bring people back even if the drinks aren't outstanding. \u00a0but they really are. \u00a0i wish i lived closer, but you can bet that if i'm in the area i'll be back to try another one of their cocktails. \u00a0they're like the kuma's of coffee shops; just being there is an experience but they're ready to kick your ass with their great food/drinks too.the coffee and drinks are very good, and the d\u00e9cor is amazing! but one thing that is always so glaringly distracting is the overwhelming feeling of coffee shop judgment while i'm in there. it starts with the staff. i get this sense from the time they greet me that i am somehow inconveniencing them with my order and general presence. then, you get it from your fellow coffee shop people. and you would think that in this nerd-themed coffee shop that you would find other like-minded nerds who want to speak to other nerds. but i didn't. i just received more cold stares. this has happened several times to me and i'm at the point of walking in and yelling, \"what is the matter in here? where are my people? looks are so deceiving!\" and walking right back out.one and done.i was excited to visit this place. \u00a0i mean, it has a delorean! \u00a0but you can barely see it; it's tucked above the bathrooms in the back. \u00a0and other than that, and a few trinkets here and there, the theme is... sort of bare.the coffee we had was good, though not as flavorful as i thought it would be, and the cup was tiny. \u00a0like, a tea cup. \u00a0way too small for the price.the cashier was pretty friendly and patient while my friend decided between whatever gluten-free pastries they had.the thing that kills it for me is the ambiance. \u00a0i bet this place is nice when it's empty, but unfortunately it wasn't... really wasn't... when we were there. \u00a0every spot in the place was taken by a hipster typing away at his or her iphone or macbook, a veritable sea of loose-knit sweaters, frayed overprocessed hair, flesh tunnels, and doc martens. \u00a0no one was talking to each other; you could've heard a pin drop if it weren't or the whrrrr of the espresso machines. \u00a0just a room full of people staring at screens.we had to stand in the middle of the floor holding our coffee, enduring the stares of the crowd because i, in my infinite fashion wisdom, was wearing a full-length wool coat that totally wasn't vegan. \u00a0eventually we were able to score a seat in the back, but unlike the rest of the crowd, we didn't feel comfortable enough there to linger. \u00a0the woman next to us kept peering at me over her iphone. \u00a0we wanted to snag one of the gaming consoles but every flat surface in the area was covered with someone instagramming (and ignoring the consoles at their knees). \u00a0the moment we'd emptied our cups, we were out the door. \u00a0the cold weather outside was more inviting.wormhole! come to detroit! please!!! ah, i would have lived in this place if it were near me in college. holy smokes. a delorean parked in the window? a living room setup with the original nintendo? various star wars toys, 80's movies posters & ritual coffee and sugar cereals?! old lunch boxes adorning the walls?! my god. i have died and gone to nerd heaven. the nostalgia that adorned every wall had me struck with a silly grimace the whole time i was in there. so, the coffee! i got the cappuccino. top notch. if you've never had ritual coffee, then this is your chance to see what's so special about it. for those of you who don't know, ritual is known for solid, great tasting coffee. at wormhole, it's done up proper barista style with a pretty little heart on top. that milk was frothed to froth perfection. and of all things in a place like this, they had pistachio macaroons. for a dollar?! um yes & yum. i can't get enough of the way they did up the place. it's like someone put a coffee shop in one of my gamer friends basements. my husband and i were inspired to have an old school nintendo game night solely based off of our visit. it felt so welcoming & home like in there. they had some great music playing as well. not to mention it's located in a great area of wicker park, steps away from some great shops. but why would you want to leave? bring a book, laptop or just relax...play some old school nintendo...the staff was super friendly too. great coffee, one of a kind atmosphere. i think it's safe to safe to say. this wormhole sucked me right in. a well deserved, solid, shining 5 stars.the coffee is decent--i do like their chai lattes--but i always feel like i'm being judged for not being hipster enough when i walk in. i've had their pastries as well and they were also just ok.stopped by after reading so much about the decor and atmosphere. really enjoyed the geek inspired theme even down to the names and designs on the menu. a little crowded so we took up a little counter against the window. overall a great environment to get work done and chill.good coffee, cool and nostalgic knock knacks, and nintendo games!! we had a blast hanging out here, and someday i'll come back to try the ginger-curry latte!drawn in by the delorean, i have been to the wormhole three times. i really want to like this place. but each time i've been there, i have felt unwelcome -- not by the other patrons, but by the staff, who have perfected the blas\u00e9 \u00a0\"we're popular so we don't have to be nice \" attitude. they don't smile or greet, \u00a0and they seem really annoyed to have to serve. i feel like i am imposing on their conversation or something. i see from other reviews that my experience is not typical. maybe they don't like me because i order crazy concoctions, such as a the single shot latte i tried for yesterday. i was told that they \"don't do that\" so i opted instead for iced tea, which was served with abundant tea leave floaters. it was awful. \u00a0i tossed the tea about two blocks away. i found a place called buzz (on damen). no delorean, but i was welcomed and served a single shot latte with a smile. and it was really good. three strikes, you're out, wormhole.the latte here was legit - pretty busy place. in addition to the coffee, the decor at wormhole was interesting considering the back to the future delorean hanging off the ceiling in the back!i love wormhole - great coffee, charming owner, delicious baked goods - what more could you want on a cold chicago morning! well maybe a few savory eats when i don't feel like the raspberry corn muffin, which is just about one of the best things in the world. go wormhole!the wormhole is the type of place you go to get lost in another world, be it a book, a game of a super nintendo, or a conversation. there's lots of good coffee out there, but there aren't too many atmospheres like this one.in the heart of wicker, a more chill spot than the hustle n bustle crowds and hipster venues, lies the brick and mortar space of the wormhole! plastered with classic movie posters such as ghostbusters, weird science, gremlins and the untouchable the goonies, along with indie/great music, and collectible toys such as gizmo, darth cadre and the delorean!!!!, it makes this spot one-of-a-kind!! it feels like the ideal childhood bedroom study-room/sanctuary, with a mini-kitchen and friendly and knowledgable staff. if you have add your mind would be thanking you for such nostalgic eye candy (if you were an 80s baby or before). a must see establishment. hope this place stays around longer than it's memorabilia! if you live in or around wicker, this is the cool spot for the nerd inside you!a tasty selection of specialty drinks. i mostly just take it to go because there is never any seating due to all the seat hoggers with their laptops. literally looks like a computer lab at some points of the day. when you do get a seat, the place is a great chill spot. lots of things to look at and it's definitely a nostalgia trip.freaking delicious coffee. \u00a0gets super packed, but it's pretty cool when you can sit. \u00a0the atmosphere can get a little weird in this place sometimes.. every year seems to be a little freakier.peanut butter latte drink was so so so good. i went in with my disabled daughter, which was uncomfortable because (1) it's not easy to get in and out of the door with her walker, and (2) this is not a kid-friendly place. it's a hipster friendly place, so hipsters at the record store in the next block without kids recommend it to people with kids because of the 80s throwback decor. haha. but as someone who was a teenager in the 80s, i can tell you that comfortable, accessible seating makes a place kid-friendly. in spite of that, i loved this place. i will go back if i am ever wandering around without my daughter. a native foods is on the corner. i wish i could go back to this place right now and hang out all day with my laptop and pretend i am not 43, but a 23 year old who wishes they had been a teenager in the 80s. sigh.free wi-fi and open til 11pm can't really be beat, but there's also a nintendo in the back that you can play with a ton of games to choose from. so it's not just nostalgia!their food/pastries generally run out by the evening/night. when i arrived around 7:30pm, they were down to 2 ginger molasses cookies. it was super good, which makes me want to go directly to fritz (where they order from) and choose from the full selection. they mark up the prices at wormhole, but that's to be expected.they do offer bottomless coffee, but it's just ok. i'll have to try something else next time.a nice selection of coffees and lattes, but not only that, there's the selection of brewing methods depending on the coffee. pretty cool. most importantly, the coffee was good. \u00a0the ordering process was simple (and not intimidating) and the service was very polite--even smiling--in spite it being a very busy saturday afternoon. \u00a0this may not be the place for you if you're looking for a relaxing place to have conversation with a friend or two on the weekend. every seat was full and it seemed that nearly everyone had a laptop or tablet.this place reminds me of something you would find in downtown portland, oregon because it is just that cool. \u00a0also, if you are a child of the 80's, it is like going back in time. \u00a0 the games from being a kid are everywhere and you can't help but stare at everything that this place has collected over the years. \u00a0the highlight is the delorean from back to the future that takes over the back of the coffee shop. \u00a0i happened not to order coffee the one time i went so i can't speak on that but for the vibe alone, this is a must try.my husband and i visited the wormhole because a former michigander now turned chicagoan suggested we check the place out. as a coffee lover and self proclaimed coffee snob, my recommendation is that if you're in the neighborhood, you should definitely stop here for an amazing espresso or latte. and if once here, you discover that you're into the back to the future theme, etc., then stay. personally, i got my coffee to go and was quite happy to have made the stop for an amazing latte. (also, my husband was quite happy with his espresso!)1. \u00a0comfy couches.2. \u00a0good espresso, lighter than usual roast (which i like)3. \u00a0wonderfully insane decor, highlights include a live old nintendo set that you can actually play, a spanish poster for octopussy, a giant e.t. doll, some kind of mounted automobile, and, oh fuck, i can't describe this joint. \u00a0just go there. \u00a0win.when fritz bakery was sold out of vegan donuts they sent us over here,, 5 stores down from native foods so we made a day of it and the kids couldn't have been happier.the staff is actually friendly (a first for me at a coffee house), the vintage decor is a hoot since it is all from my era and the boys loved the delorean (having never seen b2f they had no idea what it was but when we said time machine they nearly pooped themselves). watching them try to play games on an original \u00a0nintendo had to be the highlight of my day - paperboy!did i mention the hot apple cider? this place is always packed.i can't believe this place has averaged 4.5 stars.it's just meh,there are some fun things, nintendo to play and a delorean to check out but the service is not that great, not that quick and not that friendly.there is a lot of seating but it's often crowded.the thing that stood out to me most about wormhole is the amount of care they take in crafting each drink. every drink they served seemed like a work of art and almost too pretty to consume! \u00a0they make all of their syrups in house which is cool, and i had an iced soy chai which was very good and spicy. for food they have a selection of unique pastries and sandwiches. \u00a0lots of tables with trendy people on computers, all of which were macs.i must have been a dog in my past life because if there is peanut butter within three miles, i am on it. \u00a0get the peanut butter koopa troopa and thank me later. \u00a0frakkin' amazing.i had a friend visiting from out of town so we came here because we're childrens of the 80's, and it was just probably the best thing i've seen in a while. \u00a0it is definitely 80's sensory olverload, but it's great. \u00a0someone was playing paper boy when we came in and i wanted in on that so badly, but the places was packed. we were lucky to find a place to sit.definitely go here. \u00a0they're awesome. \u00a0wicker park is super out of my way, but this will definitely be an \"every few weekends\" stop. \u00a0and the bathrooms are super clean.as soon as i walked in, i noticed that the space seemed a bit different... 1. there was a clear line to order as soon as you enter.2. the car was gone from the middle of the floor to the rear top space. 3. more bar seat area to the side.4. wider behind the counter space!!!!i haven't been here in a while, but stopped in with my boyfriend yesterday and apparently, it was their first day back since closing for remodeling for 2 week!it's always very crowded here, and all of the available seats were taken, but the space definitely seemed to be more open and spacious!it was definitely very busy here and good for them!downside was that it did take a while to get my boyfriend's small latte... i on the other hand, ordered noble's ecuador pour over and it was yummy! got it way before my boyfriend's latte.this is my favorite coffee shop in the city, and i've been to many! wormhole has everything working for it: a great location, friendly, well-trained staff, and a memorable atmosphere that will delight any '80s novelty junkie. the coffee and tea selections are both impressive and expertly-crafted, and there are alternative drinking options to boot (boxed water, apple juice, etc). the pastry case, while small, boasts some of the most creative offerings i've come across in my travels (think peanut-butter-chocolate-chip-pretzel cookies--a well-worth it treat!). if you haven't been, i strongly suggest you get yourself over to wicker park and try out this gem of an establishment. they're typically open from 7am-11pm, so time is on your side! ;)i don't always drink coffee, but when i do, it's at the wormhole. i've been here enough and *disclaimer* i know travis, an owner of this joint.i know him well enough that he wouldn't do anything remotely close to what matt l scathed about, much less lie about it in his response, but i digress.don't let a crybaby deter you from visiting here.let people like him go off to the big corporate chains like starbucks that ship their cash miles away to corporate hq; it's all for the better because the regular clientele here provide an intelligent, calm, and quiet atmosphere; it's local, the fare is excellent, and it has one of the more unique and original decor and vibes of any coffee shop (be it local or listed on a stock exchange somewhere).i really really wanted to like this place more. \u00a0first of all i love coffee, the 1980's, various hand brewed options, and 80's video games. \u00a0however, despite the ample seating, it seems as if people lounge the entire day, so getting a seat was challenging. \u00a0the biggest reason for the low rating, however, is clearly the staff. \u00a0the most rude, unhelpful, arrogant service i have maybe ever received. \u00a0i asked the cashier about the various options of hand brewed pour over techniques and what coffees offered strong, bold flavors. \u00a0i was told, \"you should just get a drip coffee.\" \u00a0if i wanted a drip coffee at these prices, i would have went to caribou or a gas station for that matter (not that i would actually ever drink gas station coffee). \u00a0it was as if he didn't want to take the time to help me learn about their business and coffee options. \u00a0it was like i was a nuisance instead of a customer willing to span $4-5 for coffee and tip for a pleasant experience. \u00a0then when my coffee was finished, the called out a different name as opposed to what i ordered. \u00a0when i asked if it was mine, another employee stated, \"it's yours!\" \u00a0shoving the drink at me to get me out of the way. \u00a0finally, as i was ready to leave, i asked if there was a bin to place my mug in and again, i was met with rude behavior and all i was trying to do was make their job easier. \u00a0it is really unfortunate that the staff is so rude, because the coffee and decor are absolutely fantastic.i highly recommend going to ipsento or asado instead. \u00a0very friendly and helpful staff at these places that will give you a wonderful experience, great customer service, and great coffee with out the attitude.as good as coffee gets. the decor makes you feel like your are having coffee with mcfly and other cool cats. if i lived in the area i would be drinking coffee instead of water, mixing shakes with coffee, cooking noodles in coffee, washing my mouth with coffee ... you get the point.solid coffee shop.if i lived closer to \u00a0here then i would definitely bring my laptop or book and post up. which seems to be the same idea that everyone else had, because it was so crowded on sunday night!tried the peanut butter koopa troopa, which was a bit rich and not my favorite. also had the vanilla bean latte, which was awesome! they dont have a lot of syrup flavors and no sugar free pumps, so if a certain chain coffee shop is your thing then this might not \u00a0be.the 80s decor is awesome. played mario on the couch with my friends for a bit. my friend geeked out over the movie posters and the delorean in the entry. love it.the koopa troopa mocha is kind of life-changing. i wish there was more seating, but the wicker park laptop crew kind of takes over on week ends. nevertheless, i always stop in for a fix when i'm in the 'hood and i've found that even the most clueless hipster is willing to give up a seat at the video game couch when i'm there with my son in his super mario hat. macarons from fritz pastry is the icing on the cake.i have consumed a soy latte at this location. i declare it officially good. they did not have the hazelnut syrup i requested, and they said something about making their own syrups or some such thing. that's groovy that they make things from scratch, but they should bust open some hazelnuts and make some syrup out of them while they're at it. i appreciate that they are not starbucks, and likely don't have stockholder meetings where they discuss quarterly dividends and such. \u00a0and i enjoy that an employee named travis politely responds to all the cracknuts that post wacky reviews on . and thank you for building a pyramid of wood to ramp that delorean up on top of your back room. every coffee shop should have a quirky car mascot.i really like the wormhole. firstly, their coffee is great! some of the best i've had in chicago. or anywhere.secondly, it looks really fun and funky. if you like nerdy things from the 90's you'll enjoy the wall work.i've been walking by this place for a while now and have been wanting to check out wormhole. after a crappy morning this was exactly what i needed. the baristas were friendly, helpful, and not condescending at all. i had a truly well-made latte and a deliciously moist blueberry muffin (with lots of big blueberries!). neither of which can be found from any corporate coffee place. seriously, have any of those starbucks executives ever had a real latte? just sayin'.as a non-hipster who barely remembers the 80's (because i was young - not because i was having a good time) i wasn't sure i would be cool enough for wormhole. but this place is great. it's really spacious and at 8:30 on a weekday it wasn't busy. the music was not too loud. you can definitely have a conversation or use headphones without having to compete with the music. i think i'll be back again. there's probably a joke to be made about going back to the future through the wormhole...but i'm not that big of a nerd.came here to get some work done, meet a friend, and enjoy some good coffee. \u00a0 seating can be tight - there is plenty of seating, but can be pretty crowded. \u00a0 i took a spot at a shared work table, fired up the laptop and free wifi (look for the password on old floppy disks stored near the register - clever idea, but really looooonnng password!) and had an americano. \u00a0 \u00a0pretty good. \u00a0 \u00a0the sci fi theme is, well, kitschy and fun. \u00a0 \u00a0also tried an iced honey latte which was good, too. \u00a0sat outside on a nice day. \u00a0 decent place to work/meet, with decent coffee. \u00a0 \u00a0hipster vibe.not your average coffee shop this 'wormhole' or the 'hole'. \u00a0this place screams retro with a 'back to the future' car inside the store, star wars posters, gremlins and \u00a0a nintendo 8 bit video game where you can play the very first super mario bros. the staff is very helpful ( i would put it as knowledgeable) about the concoctions they are brewing and hole atmosphere is very chilled out and relaxed. my favorite \u00a0potion is the rocket sauce, which is an iced tea made from of yerba matte, ginger syrup and lime juice. a must try \u00a0 next time you're in wicker park give this place a try.tasty late. \u00a0cool decor. \u00a0very yummy pretzel cookie. \u00a0never seen one before but the soft, crunchy, chewy, and saltiness of it all works for me. \u00a0i grabbed one before heading over to wait in line at hot dougs.i was staying with my friend in wicker park over july 4th weekend, and this is probably one of my favorite joints from the weekend.i ordered the honey bear latte with soy and peanut butter koopa troopa. solid concoctions. the star wars public health message to parents who don't immunize their children. love. along with the rest of the ambience/decor. definitely a space in which i could get lost in my studies or reading.love. love. love. the wormhole gives you everything you ask for in a coffee shop experience and then some. first off, as the other reviews say, there is a delorean with han solo chillin next to it. need i say more? what's even better about the vibe of this cafe is the coffee itself! their solid selection and unique offerings truly set this place apart.so i don't like coffee or anything else you would get in a cafe to drink. but, i'm fascinated by the stuff and i figured i'd give it another shot. you need to drink it a couple times to get the \"acquired\" taste right? i went to worm hole because they are the closest cafe--open latest--that sells reputable coffee stuff on a sunday night. i got the cappuccino? whoever was working the register (a dude) round 8pm. good job. thanks for teaching me more about this stuff. i felt like a 3rd grader walking into a calculus lecture. i'm still not a pro, but...well yeah..i'm still not that great. the cappuccino was not horrible. and i mean that in a good way. i mean, i don't like coffee, and this wasn't too bad. oh! i also had the vegan cupcake. yeah that was really good. 5 stars for the service, thanks for taking the time man.ten thousand reviews for this place so i'll keep it short and sweet: all the other stuff is true. and there are vegan donuts in the morning? the vegan boston creme donut is the best fucking donut i've had in my entire life and it sells out fast so it is now my life's quest to get another one.the best thing in all of chicago. go. it is perfect and cozy and welcoming and everything great. you wont be disappointed, i promise. stay till closing and eat all of their give away pastries!my friends had been talking about this coffeeshop for ages, so when i found myself in the area, i wandered over. i loved the coffee. the atmosphere is very great and just as hipster-esque as my friends described to me. the music was perfect -- not too obnoxious and a great vibe. there was even a game console in the back and plenty of seating space all around.the thing that really irked me were the number of heads that turned as my five friends and i walked in. i couldn't tell if it was because we had such a large group and the place was already crowded, or because we were all asian. either way, the looks were the part of the entire experience that was the least welcoming for me. aside from that, the baristas were friendly albeit very rushed and busy. the seating was great and a welcome respite from the cold outside.my sunglass shields failing to protect me from the brutal rays of a hungover sunday morning star, i ducked in here for some vitamin caffeine.how anyone on this planet could be so darn nice that early is as beyond my grasp as the american flag on the moon, but they were and it: made. my. darn. morning. do they have a way to pump in aerosolized quaaludes through the ventilation system? everyone here seems so unnaturally calm for people who are around coffee all the time. the serene smile of the barista was transferred to me along with my simple paper cup of guatemalan. i took a sip and felt the words of the guy in the movie who takes the first snort off a switchblade to test the cocaine slip from my mouth: \"it is pure.\"this place sucks. \u00a0don't go there. \u00a0i say this because i don't want anyone else to go there.the employees are great as long as you're not a jerkass, \u00a0i think most of them know their coffee pretty well, and don't just go through the motions when brewing your shit.they also know i'm addicted to certain pour overs, and i get the overflow from other people's brew if they're feeling generous. \u00a0i'm almost embarrassed by that fact, but i have no pride, so whatever.also some idiot savant popped in contra on the nes and tore through it in 20 minutes and didn't die once. \u00a0amazing.great coffee and tea. friendly service. \u00a0relaxing atmosphere. \u00a0love the delorean and 80s decor! \u00a0cool spot to hang solo or catch up with a friend.cofficer [kof-is-er] - a person who uses a cafe as their office. usually for several hours at a time.this place is lousy with em (including yours truly on rare occasions) but the key to being a good cofficer is putting money in the buy-something meter and ordering every couple or few hours. laptop gazers aside you shouldn't have any trouble finding somewhere to sit. there's plenty of power outlets and except for the stereo the place is pretty quiet.the cream and sugar are under the flux capacitor and while there is a delorean it can't do much without said flux capacitor. i should also mention that this is one of your best bets as far as coffee hangouts in wicker park. filter, also a great coffee joint, was gone for a looooooooong time and while it's back something isn't quite right nostalgia aside. maybe because it's not as grimy-looking as it was and it's not on that iconic corner anymore.i stopped in again a month or so ago and marvelled at the renovations! the delorian is now in the back and up high, the tv/nintendo is in the back, and the space is much more open with more seating and a different feel to it. i like it. the bathroom door is also fixed. i had a coffee, a sandwich, and some sort of muffin/cinnamon roll that was fantastic! good stuff - i'll stop in again soon when i'm in wicker park!i'm visiting from florida and i pre-searched a bunch of place for my visit to chicago and i have to share about how awesome this place is. original coffee recipes and very chill atmosphere.this is probably the chillest cafe i've ever been to. i ordered a funky named drink that had peanut butter and chocolate in it and i was not disappointed. it's pretty big too and provides comfy couches so i'll definitely be back here.the wormhole is definitely a cool spot to get a great cup of coffee. \u00a0the decor, which include gizmo dolls from gremlins and the badass delorean from back to the future, just adds to the experience here. \u00a0coffee wise, half witt is the main roaster represented here. \u00a0they also often offer roasts from guest roasters such as kickapoo from western wisconsin and ritual from sf. \u00a0 \u00a0coffee comes in the drip variety, but also can be individually prepared through the chemex, v60 pour over, or the aeropress. \u00a0my drinks have always been solid.my experiences have been very good up until today. \u00a0i've hit many of the better coffee roasters and cafes around the country (if you couldn't tell by all my cafe reviews), and all the people in charge of the brewing the individual cups were able to handle, at the minimum, two orders at a time. \u00a0the barista at the intelli i hit up as a regular can do 4+ with perfection. \u00a0in any case, the person in charge at the wormhole today was seriously only making an individual order at a time. \u00a0i ended up waiting nearly 25 minutes for my coffee! \u00a0damn, it took my ortho just a little more than that to perform an arthroscopic procedure on my shoulder! \u00a0in any case, i was super irked, and the barista realized how pissed i was just from my body language. \u00a0well, what she did should be the thing any business should do to resolve a customer issue........a simple, sincere apology. \u00a0it was also a very nice gesture for her to give me a free drink card for my next visit, which wasn't necessary since the apology went a long ways for me. \u00a0i'm a stickler when it comes to service, and i was planning on never returning and taking my business to caffe streets nearby. \u00a0i do purchase a 12 oz bag of coffee weekly, and i realize that isn't a whole lot, but for a business, it's much easier to keep a very loyal customer than to seek out a replacement. \u00a0kudos to the wormhole for making customer service a priority.i thiink the wormhole deserves some constructive criticism scattered in amongst the endless rave reviews. this isn't to say i dislike the place, and i'm sure i'll be back, but i simply cannot get as excited about this coffee shop's existence as everyone else.first, the positives. it's a comfortable space, albeit a crowded one, and if your tastes run to the dorktastic, you'll love the '80s decor (i think it's really over the top and tacky, but it's not like you have to pay attention to the geek paraphernalia if you don't want to). the baristas are friendly and efficient, and at least when i was there the music was at a very reasonable volume and was a good mix of indie and, of course, '80s hits. if you can score a seat it's a good place to hang out, get caffeinated, and read/play on your laptop/whatever. now, the downside. first of all, this place does get insanely crowded. there was actually a line to even use the bathroom. i'm sure this comes and goes according to the time of day, but don't expect to get a seat immediately. secondly, and this is the real killer for me, their standard brewed coffee is just subpar. yes, it's metropolis, and yes, that's a good roaster, but here it was acidic and, worst of all, served warm at best...certainly not hot. perhaps their specialty drinks are better, but a place that can't deliver a basic cup of coffee properly is not a place i would go out of my way to support.excited to try this place because it was on 190 north and seemed to have pretty good reviews....unfortunately i was disappointed. \u00a0i ordered two lattes, as soon as i walked to my car i took a sip, my latte was mildly hot and the other luke warm. \u00a0not to mention they're a little pricey.. $4 8oz latte i'd expect it to be better than starbucks but i was not impressed with the flavor or strength. \u00a0i'll give em' another shot, maybe just get a coffee next time but for now i was not so pleased. \u00a0on the other hand great atmosphere...this place is awesome, i only wish i had been hungry as well as jonesin for some caffeine when i went in there. \u00a0the baked goods looked amazing!!! but alas, i just ordered a drip coffee, and it was awesome! \u00a0i also liked that they had soy milk available near the rest of the \"dress your coffee\" station of items, i'm not normally a soy milk in my coffee girl at coffee places as its usually kept behind the counter so i was glad to see it. as for the atmosphere...wonderful. \u00a0the 80's video game and other decor was fantastic. \u00a0the nostalgic feeling one gets alone is worth at least walking into this place for a few minutes. \u00a0i'm from out of town but if i'm ever around again i'll be sure to go back to wormhole.this coffee shop is full of 80s type decor. it even has the car from back to the future and a nintendo for people to play with. the coffee is strong and tasty, i especially like the daily brews and iced citrus mocha. they have cupcakes, muffins, and even their own version of pop tarts. the customer service is really friendly and there is a good amount of seating inside and outside. it's also right next to the bongo room so it's a great place to grab a coffee before or after brunch.worm hole is like no other. \u00a0from the hipster ambiance to the 80's decor, this is no cookie-cutter coffee shop. \u00a0large, open area provides an ideal study area (although, being an 80's nintendo fan, studying is not my top priority here). \u00a0great place to chill out, and not feel like your over-staying your welcome, the staff is welcoming and attentive. \u00a0even during the a busy street festival they let me and some friends use the restroom and just hangout to get away from the crowds on the street for a while.cozy place, good coffee, great vibe, friendly people. i love coming here and appreciate the service!this place is another must-visit on my chi town list, although you can easily walk by the place. it's always completely packed. if you have been the san francisco, this place is chicago's version of four barrel. it's a cool-looking crowd, bike friendly, and they don't mind if you plug your computer in and stay for awhile. the outdoor seating is pretty awesome too. i have had both the peanut butter (swoon) and the vanilla latte. i'm a sucker for homemade syrups, and this place does them well. of course, the decor is unique and targeted to the perfect hip customer. the only thing that takes a way a star is the macaroon i ordered this time. while cute and supposedly \"rose\" flavored, i could only eat half because it was so bland and fake-tasting. i'll just stick to the coffee from now on.came here and ordered tea to go because i was sick. it took nearly 10 minutes (!) to get my tea, and when it came out it was in a mug for sit down. i tried to tell the closest barista to let them know my order was wrong, and in a very unpleasant tone, the barista closest to me told me that i need to tell someone else!! let me tell you, it is very rude to treat your customers like this. it's one thing if you are busy and don't have time to \"deal with me,\" but on this particular day there were like 5 people behind the counter and maybe 4 people waiting for their drinks. 10 minutes for tea, no to go cup, hostile barista. ugh. pretty much done with this place. sorry/not sorry.oh and there is another person who works here (mainly register) and she is always talking to people/getting phone numbers/being annoying and holding up the line during busy times. she is the worst because she won't even get your order right unless you are a cute guy with a beard. over it.gave this place two shots: first time i waited 15 mins for my latte. second time i was told it was shops policy to not allow me to take my espresso to go. what? i proceeded to ask the clerk four times for a to go cup and each time he replied with, \"no i'm sorry.\" finally, after offering to pay for the cup, he gave in. i then waited another 15 mins for the espresso to arrive. you gotta be kidding me? it wasn't even that great. i guess there is something to be said for starbucks and caribou.there's a delorean here. \u00a0it's not functional but it sure is fashionable. \u00a0it wears well w/ all the 80's memorabilia that pervades the entire space. \u00a0the space itself is big yet comfortably intimate. \u00a0there is ample room for people to get in, get out or stay for a while and get their coffee shop on.the theme here is 80's geek-chic. \u00a0there is a goonies poster, a tron poster, that delorean i mentioned in paragraph 1, lunchboxes, and countless star wars models strewn all over the place. \u00a0your inner geek child will squeal w/ delight at every detail in this place. \u00a0space invader end table? \u00a0check. \u00a0millennium falcon on the wall? \u00a0check. \u00a0boba fett in the house? \u00a0representin' like a true g, homie.one criticism, however - for a place so heavily entrenched in the 80's, i found it jarring and somewhat annoying that there were no 80's songs on the soundsystem. \u00a0when i rolled through, they were playing hits from the 70's. \u00a0where's the beef, yo?as mentioned in a previous review, the place isn't ideal for \"heads down\" studying. \u00a0there is just enough activity to warrant a change of location if you're looking for that type of quiet. \u00a0however, i did see a lot of people writing furiously on their laptops. \u00a0if i'm due for a paper or if i need to kick my writing into another gear, i'll drag my laptop here next time. \u00a0it seems perfect for that sort of productivity.overall, it's a really nice coffee shop. \u00a0there seemed to be a steady flow of people and the place rammed in around 7:00pm on a monday night so if you're looking to secure yourself a decent study/writing space, get in before 6:45pm.ps: \u00a0they need to get a working space invaders arcade cabinet in there. \u00a0that'd be so rad!!!i love the 80's theme. \u00a0the coffee is great and the danishes are wonderful. \u00a0it has wifi and an old nintendo set to try your skills at what your boss played when he was a kid. \u00a0 it is a destination for all.great coffee but i'm not a fan of the \u00a0loud, obnoxious rock music they insist on playing here. don't come here expecting to get any work/studying done.the coffee and service is numero uno awesome. the rich coffee blends give me a warm feeling and cause me to transcend my surroundings. the people who hang out there can only be characterized by \"smug alert!\" 2nd episode season 10 of south parkthis is going to be a short review as i have really just dipped my toe in the wormhole. i hope to return in the future (or rather, the past) and jump in head first.this was my first stop on my tour de cafe (). all i got was a simple cup of coffee. but it was good, and the people working there were very nice and friendly. there was a cooler with some premade food that looked good, if you're into that sort of thing.the place is comfy and cozy and truly a blast from the past. star wars, ninja turtles, and the pi\u00e8ce de r\u00e9sistance is the delorean in the window. as a ninja turtle might say, radical!i kind of wish i still lived in the neighborhood, for easier access to places like this. gold coasters just don't appreciate indy coffee shops (thus the complete lack of them) but those wicker park hipsters really get them.i'll try to write a more detailed review next time i get back in time to wormhole.wormhole has addicted me to good coffee.and, i was bad last weekend... real bad.friday night, i went to espression by lavazza at ogilvie, because i was craving a coffee drink, and i got this drink with espresso, hazelnut, and some other yummy-sounding things. it was $4, and it was terrible. i threw it out.then, i went to a vendor inside the french market to get some simple metropolis drip $1.50. cold. :-/ damn.sunday, i went to starbucks, craving mocha and it was godawful, $4, i threw half of it out. a little later, i went to new wave, decided they didn't have any coffee i wanted so i got cider, which was good. i also visited kickstand on the same day and got a decent, expensive caffe mocha. i also bought some metropolis beans. mmm.this weekend was a coffee sandwich, because friday and sunday i had mediocre coffee experiences. but saturday was a whole different story.saturday morning, i came here. not a big thing. i love this place. but usually i just get the insanely delicious \"peanut butter koopa troopa\" (doppio, steamed milk, pb mousse, dark chocolate something-or-other) which is fantastic.but i was feeling like i needed food, and so i got a bowl of reese's puffs. but not any old bowl of reese's puffs. a bowl of reese's puffs with a shot of espresso and chocolate in my milk. heeellll yeeeahhh. and on my way out, i was tempted and treated to (infinite thanks) a \"walter the peck\" a hot-cold experiment seemingly straight out of alinea. (3 layers, vanilla syrup, ice cold half and half, shot of espresso) you take the shot, let the temperatures mix in your mouth, then swallow... and let me tell you something.... it was eye-opening.this place is a must for coffee-lovers.this is it. this is the place i've been searching for all my life! video games and coffee! great service, great coffee, great people. i will forever be placed at your bar on weekends.for those of us who grew up in the 80s, wormhole provides a heavy, comforting dose of nostalgia and delicious coffee to boot. there is an actual delorean in the shop as well as other random nods to our inner nerd child.love their drinks, and especially their homemade cookies. \u00a0hate the service. \u00a0i feel i have to wear urban or show my tattoos to be respected at this coffee shop. \u00a0$4 for their small signature is steep. thank god their vanilla bean is amazing. \u00a0 \u00a0i have always taken my drink to go. \u00a0i do not think i could take the critical stares in that atmosphere.this place is awesome! i met a friend there to get some web design work done and it most certainly won't be the last time i go to wormhole.i ordered a specialty drink off the menu, and asked to have it iced, which they happily accommodated....and it was delicious. i also picked up a french macaron from fritz pastry which i was thrilled to find out they had. they also had other nomables from southport grocery. yay!i love that they have metropolis coffee.this place gets insanely crowed, so be aware.and yes, they have a delorean.great little nostalgia cafe, the coffee is great. also try the rocket sauce, very refreshing, but be warned you really need to like the delicious sting of ginger.the owner reached out and it seems the ice coffee issue that princess fussy pants [that's me] was complaining about has been resolved. (thank you for that!) i will give it another try once we all thaw out. in the meantime i've taken to the hot coffee and soy chai and i'm happy.this place is great! it's a pretty chill coffee shop with an awesome back to the future kind of theme with references to the 80s. they play the music at the just the right level to drown out other's conversations but not too loud that i couldn't read my book. i love the vibe and was happy to find that the girls behind the bar were the pretentious hipsters i thought i might run into. the girl who helped me was really nice and patient when i was trying to decide between a pour over or drip brew coffee. i'll be back again!how do i love thee, wormhole? let me count the ways:-the nerdy/trippy vibe-delorean-delicious, no-nonsense coffee-espresso that keeps you up all night-really good tea selection-aranciatas and mexican cokes for when it's too hot for coffee-macaroons! so good.all in all, my favorite coffeeshop in chicago, bar none.the drip is better than most pour overs and i love the beans they serve. it's a lot more quaint and relaxed than variety over on graham.wormhole is definitely my new found favorite places to study. \u00a0 there's tables, enough outlets, phone chargers, couches, and even an old school nintendo to play if you get bored. the coffee drinks \u00a0are definitely not as sweet as your typical starbucks drinks, but that's what i found to be enjoyable about the coffee. \u00a0i got the drunken citrus mocha, and it wasn't overpowering in sweetness. \u00a0it had the right amount of citrus and mocha flavors, so that it didn't overpower the flavor of the coffee. overall, i loved how everything was so chill. \u00a0i will definitely become a regular.great espresso and coffee, great decor, fast service...hell yeah. lots of hipsters but whatever.a great place to sit back and enjoy some great coffee, along with some yummy edibles. the retro feeling and decor adds alot to the experience, as well. i've always enjoyed coming in, but it can get very busy, but that's not uncommon for great spots like this in chicago.they've recently revamped the interior and it helps out alot with the limited space they had before. if you are game to go a little back in time and enjoy some brew, give wormhole a visit.was looking for a hip alternative to and break from my beloved starbucks...and a place to hangout in the city. saw the reviews on yelp and decided to give this a try...my love for the honeybear latte makes me feel like i'm cheating on my husband. only something so warm, comfy, frothy, and welcoming can make me look forward to my next rendezvous. i'm scared to try something else..can't abandon my new bait just yet. i live in the so suburbs so this drive is far...but i like it that way. i'm afraid that if i lived around the corner i would get used to it..but i'm the kind of gal that needs a chase! the atmosphere is so laid back. the staff of young savvys are cool and know their coffee stuff and make some mad drinks..makes me proud of my generation. :) i just wish they were open later so i can just hangout...and hangout...and ... zzzzzzzz.wormhole is without a doubt my favorite coffee shop. yes, it's mostly about the decor, but isn't that what really makes a coffee shop great? the furniture's comfy, and it's the kind of place you can sit and enjoy your drink while having fun, too.don't get me wrong -- the drinks are great. my girlfriend got a dirty iced chai after seeing someone with the same (delicious). i was in the mood for something sweet with my caffeine, and i tried their peanut butter koopa troopa. definitely delicious.but i mean, come on. there's an nes and a delorean. the loyalty card is the konami code. there's star wars trivial pursuit.also, it's a great place to chill during the interminable waits at bongo room next door, should your parents/girlfriend/somebody want to wait an hour and a half before eating pancakes.my favorite coffee shop would have a delorean inside. next time you're in wicker, be sure to stop by and sample one of the specials. think outside of the cup and give anything out of the ordinary a shot. take a break, collapse on a couch, check in on foursquare, and enjoy a quality coffee or tea for a change.among the myriad coffeehouses in wicker park, this is the most young, trendy social spot. \u00a080s paraphernalia including star wars figurines, gremlins and the delorean from back to the future gives wormhole a nostalgic feel. \u00a0one can even play pitfall and other old skool games while sipping on gourmet coffee. \u00a0don't count on getting a lot of work done at this coffeehouse, however, as seating at the tables is limited and chatting is encouraged.dolorean replica. that's about it. the coffee is okay. the people aren't very friendly. and it's usually crowded. there's only about a bazillion hipster coffee shops in wicker park/bucktown.although there are a dozen or so coffee shops in wicker park, worm hole is the best. the atmosphere is unique and inviting, but if you want to talk about inviting let's talk about the baristas and staff. the staff is always in a good mood, no matter how many tourists are there or how busy it is. they remember their neighbors, by face or even drink. and the coffee is always fresh and delicious. it's also nice to sit outside (when the weather corporates). even though worm hole is a bit outside of my commute, it's worth taking the extra time to stop in for my caffeine fix.coffee is good. atmosphere is fun and relaxing. bakery items were yummy. can't think of any negative to list. \u00a0love the 80's decor. \u00a0try the ginger & curry latte!!you can't beat the retro/vintage vibe of this place or the fantastic coffee. \u00a0it can be a bit crowded at times, but that's always a good sign.behind on yet another deadline, what i really needed was a wormhole. \u00a0short of those being proven to, you know, actually exist, the best thing, i figured, was probably a trip to wormhole coffee. \u00a0for those who aren't all into theoretical physics (or just watched too many episodes of star trek: the next generation while home dateless), a wormhole is a break in the space-time continuum which can be used for time travel. get it? i know. i know. if you have to explain the joke, it's not funny. anyhow, on with my story of writer's block. \u00a0each november, in theory, i try to write 50,000 words as part of national novel writing month. \u00a0not surprisingly, with how bad i suck at deadlines despite starting out in college as a journalism major, as the second week of november began, i found myself horribly behind pace. \u00a0i figured my only hope of getting back on track was to get thyself to a coffee shop (and quickly go) for the needed inspiration of others tap-tap-tapping away on keyboards! \u00a0and this is probably the best tap-tap-tapping place i've found in chicago. now, it's not for the kitsch or the nostalgia. i leave those concepts up to the hipsters who frequent here typing away at art school papers and reading obscure novels (except for the $1.75 flashback cereals, i love those). for me, this place is all about the amenities. sure there are interesting posters of classic 1980s movies and lunch boxes up on the wall. but the plentiful power outlets that run underneath them are what sugars my (yummy, $2.50 for a large mug, peppermint herbal) tea. sure they look a little bit sketchy, like they're from the 1980s themselves or something. but the slight potential excitement of a fire is better than having a dying laptop. and sure there's the obligatory 1980s music playing overhead (mixed of course, since this is wicker park, with indie rock anthems) but, more important to me is the futuristic speed of the free wi-fi. it was so fast, that i was actually able to stream music on rhaspody from the present day while working on a word document and playing on yelp (can you tell why i haven't gotten much noveling done?). in 1987 that would have seemed more mindblowingly high tech than time travelling in a delorean. the crowds seem to know about all of this tubularness, so it's often packed. however, there's enough interesting things to see and do (it's basically a museum) while waiting for seating that it doesn't seem that bad or even a waste of time.i was told they serve metropolitan coffee like new wave, so i checked it out. the coffee is really good, but smaller portion and more expensive than new wave, i think. the large cup seemed to be barely bigger than the size of a starbucks \"tall.\" i get the attraction of the barista's artistic frothy designs on the drinks, but the added labor must make the difference in price. i have been back a couple of times whenever i'm further down on milwaukee away from logan square. the atmosphere is very hipster, which i normally like, but this was a little over the top for me. kinda uptown hipster. on one visit, the counter person was using an ipad to ring up my purchase. the ipad kept freezing or having some problem. stood there for quite a while waiting on the apple device to allow me to pay. i made some smart-aleck remark, \"if only you had a cash register, huh.\" boy, did that get me a nasty stare down. i thought i was being very patient and as clever as i could given the circumstances. finally paid. looked around and noticed the customers sitting down at the tables all had shiny apple macbooks with the glowing apple logo. it looked like a scene of seed pods from the remake of the invasion of the body snatchers. not quite cool enough to be the original, but the decor is definitely 80s enough to be the remake, starring donald sutherland in that awful perm. the quality of coffee, and the opportunity to study mac users in their natural habitat, i will have to give it 4 stars, but barely. it would be 3 without the delorean.often hard to find a seat for more than 1 or 2 people, but a great place to work/study solo. \u00a0good level of ambient crowd noise.the music volume is higher than average but isn't very distracting. \u00a0if you're like me and lyrical music is super distracting to you, then this is the place. \u00a0mostly trancy, subdued 80's music. \u00a0because of the ambient noise, silicone earbuds can easily damp out the occasional loud neighbor conversation even without playing your own music.the prices are also good for the area and the servers are friendly enough.and of course, there's an nes in the back and a full sized time traveling delorean which are both pretty cool.internet connection is good too.this place is great. i wish we have more of this in san francisco. i was visiting chicago and just tried to look for a good coffee shop around my area and came to this place. it is very cool. i always like to support small business whenever i can. this place has everything you can ask for for a coffee shop. the staffs are supper friendly, the coffee was fresh and great, the environment is cozy, and the price is exceptionally reasonable. they even have the old nintendo with all the old good games. overall, this is a must go place for coffee if you are in the neighbor.i wanted to update my review since they've reopened with a new layout. \u00a0it's much sleeker and cleaner than it used to be and i've finally been able to find seating with each visit! the donut displays are neatly organized, the line is much more orderly, and the service is more attentive. \u00a0they get brownie points for playing deerhunter.the honeybear latte blows my mind every-time!ok so the atmosphere of this place is great. i love the toys and posters. great stuff. oh and i was totally feeling the music!!!!! a tribe called quest, mos def and so on. feelin all of it!!!! i was dancing in my seat! other than that i wasn't impressed. my monkey bread was a bit on the old, dry side. meh. i'm guessing it wasn't baked that morning or yesterday morning. my vanilla bean latte tasted nothing like vanilla bean. it tasted like a regular latte. i did however like the little heart on the top of it. lol. this place was packed!!!!! no where to sit!!!! you have to watch for people leaving and jump at the seats before someone else does. i hate that!!!!!! hunting for seats!!!! not cool!!!!! i'll probably come back during the week and it won't be so busy or full.woot! free pastry near close! can't get better than that.oh wait you can.big comfy couches surrounding one of those old school video game consols. legit. big tables for study parties downside: always full, too darklate night coffee and free wifi? yes, please! not only do they have good coffee but they are open late (usually 11pm). i also really like their loose-leaf tea. it has a very cute/hipster atmosphere. friendly people. i also like their cute mismatched mugs. the last time i went, i got a cup of coffee in a superwoman mug.the staff is usually really helpful. good place to meet up with a friend to chat or get some work done in a cool atmosphere.had the peanut butter/mocha this time and it was delicious and super creamy. definitely recommend it. only negative is sometimes it can take a while to get your coffee.was my $2.50 teeny tiny cup of hot chocolate good? heck no, and it was cold. but i'll ignore that because the de lorean in the front window is why we came in, and the free nintendo set up is why we stayed.simply put, this is an awesome place to spend an hour or so soaking in what seems to be a definitively \"very wicker park\" hang out. everyone is chill, they have free wh stickers you can take, and sell fun pacman-esque t-shirts. which i purchased. even though my hot chocolate sucked. apparently the tea is ok though.are you a nerd? \u00a0do you like comics, perhaps? \u00a0free wi fi? \u00a0couches? \u00a0a old school nintendo system? \u00a0what about really inventive coffee drinks? \u00a0well come all nerds, hipsters, and well...i guess yuppies as well because this little coffee joint is pretty amazing.i have had some really interesting drinks there and while some were not my favorite, i couldn't say i've disliked any of them. \u00a0in fact almost all the drinks there have been pretty amazing. \u00a0i like the peanut butter troopa a lot. \u00a0their latte's are delicious. \u00a0oh! and they use metropolis coffee which is amazingly delicious (but not as good as monmouth coffee in london...ahh...london...).it's a great place to chill out with your laptop (as you will see everyone doing in the evenings), hang with friends, relax, maybe even have a date if you don't mind flirting (or not) being shoulder to shoulder with some random person sitting next to you. \u00a0also - check out the cool posters in the bathrooms. \u00a0calvin and hobbs!!great little cafe in wicker park. they make some impressive drinks, that not only look but taste great. inside there is a decent amount of seating. it's fun to relax here and play some old school video games.i really like their coffee but the service was lacking. i waited 30 min for a latte so it's not really worth the wait!!!great cappuccinos and chai lattes. in fact, i've been making my way around the city testing out chai lattes and this is the best i've found so far. just enough sweetness and a great blend of spices. yum!the employees are very nice and really know there stuff. how can you go wrong with a coffee shop where you can play nintendo?arghhhh!!!if you go through the effort of writing a roast and method of brewing on your chalkboard or whatever, please have it available or erase it.i didn't like what you made me drink. \u00a0i wanted the yergacheffe. \u00a0 plenty of selection in the area, me and mine will go elsewhere.i really wanted to love this place, but came out just liking it. oh well, its still a place i would come to.. so its all good!interior is very retro. staff is so incredibly sweet. their sandwich was mislabeled and i ended up eating meat ( on a day that i was not supposed to, im hindu, so sue me). the girl behind the counter was so sweet when i went to return the sandwich and took all the other ones out of the fridge shelf because they were all mislabeled. after i got my money back, i went back for a delicious lemon scone instead- when the guy was ringing it up, she told him not to and that it was on the house :) \u00a0( because of the sandwich mess up ) yay, i love desserts , even more so when they are free :)the bf and i got a table in the back and we just studying on a long bench with others. the outlet was on the opposite side of the table, but people on the table with us were sweet- offering to guide our messy wires around their coffees, under their mac's and into the outlets. the rest of the shop is very cute- the makeshift delorean in the window, posters, theres a couch where people play old school videogames, the bathroom is super clean ( which is the least i can say about starbucks!) oh yea, all their stuff is natural- so the most processed thing you will find there is splenda. no sugar free shots, nothing that will dirty your body. yum!coffee was good and so was my mocha- but nothing too special. my scone was definitely a 4 star scone. wh (wormhole) has free wifi, which is a major plus! my only problem with this place is the location- its right on milwakee.. so everyone and their mom is here. also, parking on milwakee during the day sucks monkey d@#$. so, we were 5 min late feeding the meter - and were granted a 50$ ticket courtesy of the chicago revenue department! all in all, coffee ended up costing us about 7$, parking about 4$, and ticket 50$. that made this coffee trip quite expensive. im taking the bus next time.sure, hanging out at wormhole feels like finally getting an invite to play contra in the basement rec room of the most popular kid in your 7th grade class. and it doesn't hurt that they have a rotating selection of single-origin espressos and signature beverages. or comfortable furniture, super-fast internets, or piles of cryptic bumper stickers. but the reason wormhole is my favorite shop to hang out at is very simple.they have a frakking sense of humor. you can dress your \"bariste\" in waistcoasts and suspenders all you like, but you can only dislocate your shoulder so many times patting yourself on the back over your perfect quadruple rosetta tulip crapping a heart latte pour before it starts to mess with your pull. so there it is. it's just coffee, so have some damn fun with it.i always make a stop at the wormhole when i'm visiting nashville. \u00a0the quirky atmosphere, friendly staff, and amazing coffee make it a truly unique coffee shop. \u00a0my favorite drink i've had from the wormhole is a late with curry & ginger, which was quite outstanding.sometimes when i want to pass the time i need my 1.21 gigawatts, my hyperdrive if you will. my mutagen. my triforce. ok, now that i have all the 80s pop culture references out of my system...one of the reasons i am going to miss being funemployed is places like the wormhole. it's located in wicker park, or as some people call it hipster central. walking into the wormhole that's the first impression you get. dudes in tight jeans, sweater vests, plastic glasses. the place isn't obnoxious. it's actually pretty friendly. the barista greeted me with a smile, and pulled some espresso for my americano, which he served to me in an actual fancy coffee cup, not a mug, not a paper cup. i sat on a sofa, laptop on lap, free wi-fi piped in. and when i say \"free\" i mean you don't have to type in a code. all you need is the password that they provide. the espresso drinks were good. for me, too much caffeine would have exploded my head. \u00a0as another review implied, if you have a short attention span, you will be distracted. i spent thirty minutes staring at a game of super mario brothers that was being played and another twenty reading the 80s pop culture artifacts on the walls and the shelves. it's basically a fun place to hang out, to study, to have a conversation, especially for those who lived at all in the 80s and love good coffee.one of the newer coffee shops on the chicago scene and one of my favorites. they aren't roasting their own coffee and they don't stick to just one coffee companies beans. the folks at wormhole know that there are some great people out in the world roasting some killer coffee and they are here to bring that to you. just like your local craft beer bar serves you fabulous beer from around the world, wormhole is here to do that with coffee. the space is pretty great as well, not only do they have a delorean but they have an old school nintendo for you to play and plenty of seats if you need to pull out that laptop. being open till 11 pm is a huge bonus for me, i'm a big late night coffee fan... heck i'm an all day coffee fan. this place helps me indulge in this addiction in a new way. it's a must vist if you love a good cup of joe.not such diverse menu/choices, also a few of the employees are extremely rude. i had asked for honey and the employee replied \"uhh why? that isnt for this drink.\" hmmm how about im the customer, asked for honey, so why does it matter what drink i ordered? not welcoming at all. drinks are fine, nothing special or out of the ordinary.i wasn't alive for most of the pop culture moments that enshrine this coffee shop, but the magical, nostalgic appeal isn't completely lost on me. that being said, my favorite part of this shop is the ample seating. i never had trouble finding a seat to sip my coffee and do my morning crossword (i may not have come of age in the '80s, but i am still an old lady at heart). in fact, i was there so frequently that my yelp app wouldn't let me check in every time. judging by the tons of people plunking away on their laptops, i'm guessing the wi-fi and outlet situation is tops too.surely a great place to recline, reflect, and savor a great coffee. great hang out place. great service and great people. worth the trip! i highly recommend the homemade vanilla bean coffee!it's been a while since i roamed wicker park. i was never much of a trendster hipster, but i am a coffee house denizen. i was on my way back from downtown chicago and decided to make a stop a visit a friend of mine working at myopic books and figured as long as i was in the area, might as well get some actual work done so i whipped out my droid and its yelp app and started searching for a cafe. wormhole popped up and i started hoofing it on over. walked in and gave an all-knowing internal nod. i knew where i was. i was surrounded by bespeckled hipsters immersed in kant, skinny jean-clad and painfully aware that they were unaware someone might be watching them, so they better look lost in thought. this was my scene 20 years ago, now i felt a little out of place but i grabbed a coffee and muffin nonetheless. now this isn't any sort of damning judgement on wormhole, at no time was i made to feel awkward or unwelcome. quite to the contrary the staff was great and the customers too. the coffee? meh. but the muffin? it was a vegan chocolate pile of awesome and i'd return just get a chance to smell it. delicious. my real complaint is the lack of flat surfaces! i know it's a coffee joint but i reserve my rights as a cantankerous old man so i'd rather they had a few more tables and a few less sofas so i could work more comfortably. but that's a ridiculous complaint so i'll stop right there.wormhole is good, i could totally see myself hanging out there if i lived in the area. as it stands if i'm around wicker park i might stop in for one of them muffins. just need to cram myself into some skinny jeans before i swing by next time.the best coffee shop in wicker park when you want to hang out for a while, get some work done or visit with a friend. the couches add a lot of comfy sitting room, and it's usually not too packed to find a spot. the coffee is good and while not overly friendly, the staff is pretty unpretentious.wormhole does not need more five star reviews. \u00a0there is little i can say other than that the coffee is excellent (it is the only place my snooty espresso sipping friends from seattle appreciate in chicago) and the atmosphere and staff are excellent.you know, the lead barrista here has changed my mind about this place.... i can't remember her name... but she's crazy passionate about coffee, guys! she's amazing! basically, she's dedicated her life to learning about coffee and making great coffee. the staff has been much nicer lately, and i really enjoy going here.i have far better feelings about this place, now, and will continue to support them!i suppose i should write a review after logging five consecutive days here, no? if there were some way to charmingly magic-sack this place back to new haven, i'd already have undetectably extended it into my book bag. what a great space!to be honest, i'm really not a coffee fanatic, even after the tiniest of stints as a barista at evanston's best cafe (go brok!!)---i love my tea. that said, my ice coffees have been invariable examples of perfection. and the rocket sauce (a yerba mate-based ambrosia with ginger syrup and lime)...i think my current count is three. the vibe: chill. the people: friendly (meh to the \"hipster\" haters---whatevs, they're fine). wish i could do all of my reading at the little corner table i've been calling my own.good old espresso coffee machines and a friendly staff make the coffee experience unique. lots of mac-eye-riveted coffee amateurs but very nice atmosphere though. one guy is doing water colors next to me. i didn't have anything to eat but the scones and other treats look delicious.let's talk about beans. \u00a0i'm picky about beans. \u00a0i grind my own coffee, make my own pour-over at home (well, actually, my amazing tea-drinking husband makes it for me) and drink one perfect cup of coffee per day. \u00a0one of my mottos is life is too short to drink crappy coffee. \u00a0i also like to shop local. \u00a0since i moved to chicago, where there is one independent coffee roaster per city block, i've tried several different roasters. \u00a0wormhole sells half wit coffee and so far, it's my favorite in wicker park. \u00a0someone at the counter is always willing to explain the flavors in the different beans & roasts to me before i buy. \u00a0drinking a cup of their rwanda right now. \u00a0yum. \u00a0thanks, wormhole, for being walking distance from my house and roasting awesome beans.cool atmosphere. very creative. the coffee was pretty good. it gets crowded so i wouldn't recommend doing some hardcore studying here, but if you want to just read a book, or do some light school work on your laptop, then this is a great place.this place -- this is where it is at! \u00a0i think this is the best coffeeshop in the world just because the barista's rock! \u00a0they are super nice, really good and the vibe just makes me smile! this is what a coffeeshop should be if you are looking to recreate your youth and have fun with it! \u00a0no getting on your high horse here at all!i have nothing bad to say about these people they've done it right from the beginning.i feel like they care more than anybody. best coffee shop vibe, amazing staff. the best coffee. nobody makes it as good as them.everyone knows the trutheveryone knows it is the bestwormhole is now part of my daily life. i recommend it to any human on earth especially those seeking the best coffee possible.the owner treats his employees really nice and he is ripped, young, and rich and sometimes works there in the morning.everyone else who works there are true characters and they are all the best at what they do.side note: when my friend got killed by a drunk driver they came to me and offered to take care of beverages and food for a memorial which is very kind from a small business. they just came out of nowhere. they are definitely a great caring place, they care about their customers and their job.bonus, lots of vegan options. owner owns the roasting company as well.and the person who roasts coffee for the wormhole is all about coffee. coffee genius. you have to try this placehad the peanut butter hot drink -- can't remember what it is called. \u00a0but it was scrumptious. \u00a0for these reasons: 1- it was peanut butter for god's sake! 2- it was not overly sweet, but rather rich, frothy and peanutty goodness 3 - it was beautifully decorated with a lovely hand-crafted swirl. \u00a0i am not sure what their drip coffee was like. \u00a0they have metropolis beans, i believe. \u00a0they also appeared to offer a \"guest roaster\" bean for sale. \u00a0they did have a few types of frisbee-sized cookies for sale (one with pretzels!), but i actually declined, such a rarity. \u00a0my friends had the real vanilla bean latte and they said it was absolutely fabulous.such a cool throwback vibe. love the old-school video games and movie posters. coffee and espresso drinks were excellent. seating was really homey and great for hanging out to do work or chatting with friends.if i could give the wormhole even more stars, you bet your sweet ass that i would because this place is fantastic. i don't live in chicago, but every time i'm within city limits i made a bee line here because the coffee is delicious, the bakery items are always fresh and delectable, and the service is even better. i am always greeted kindly by the knowledgeable and personable staff.i work as a barista with a dream to one day own my own shop, and if it turned out to be anything like the wormhole, i'd be insanely happy. keep it up, boys and girls. you're fantastic.just an fyithe staff is exceptionally nice, professional, and considerate. its a pleasure giving these guys regular tips and kudos. this is impressive considering how late their open. i would be really crabby. i think they should consider a 24 hour lockdown or party for charity. i bet you could get this place pretty packed.it's annoyingly funny when a stereotype perpetuates itself. this is the quintessential artificially created hipster coffee shop, filled with ironic posters, soul-less kitsch and tattooed barristers with little customer service chops. the ambiance is made of props that someone thinks is supposed to go into an urban, artsy cafe. the main vibe here is trying too hard to be cool & that especially doesn't fly when you have \"alternative\" baristas who get pissy if you break their rules. i'd forgive the uncomfortable stools and silly decor if the service was better and the drinks were delicious. the banister didn't serve my tea in the cup size i requested, my friend's americano took a long time & when we asked about it, barrister guy snapped that they only make one drink at at time, but they took so long that his drink was cold, it was remade with attitude (& they almost made it wrong - we had to correct her), i was told i couldn't get a hot water refill unless i showed them the tea bag i bought from them & this, after a spanish inquiry about what the hot water was for & did i buy that cup there. my friend's americano was way too bitter & needed more hot water to mellow it out. too bad about worm hole. i'll stick to filter where the counter service is way nicer and where they don't try too hard to be a formula hipster place.the sky above wicker park was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel. \u00a0ratz was working at the espresso machine, his prosthetic arm jerking monotonously as he filled a glass with coffee and steamed milk. \u00a0\"it's not like i'm using\", i heard someone say, as i shouldered my way through the crowd at the door of the wormhole. \u00a0\"it's like my body's developed this massive caffeine deficiency.\" ... a chunk of memory dislodges itself ...finally a coffee house in wicker park that a) isn't a scene, and b) offers a reasonable chance of finding a seat most any time. \u00a0i'll cop, to be sure, to an indifference-tinged befuddlement over this place and its patrons' obsession with those aspects of the 80s that sucked the most. \u00a0first as tragedy, then as farce, i guess.... all the coffee he drank, all the bikes he'd ridden and the corners he'd cut in the neon wilderness, and still he'd see the bradbury building in his sleep ...it's harmlessly instructive, i suppose, of the risks of nostalgia. \u00a0if not also - pace the delorean in the window - a nice mise en abyme of the 80s' own painfully extended exercise in the evacuation of history from daily life.... bright lattices of logic unfolding across that colorless void ...honestly, this place had me once i saw the delorean in the window.the 80's theme is done so tastefully, the place feels very homey and comfortable. there are lots of different seating options with tables or couches. the decor is a nice distraction every once in a while. plus the wifi is unlimited which in my book is always a plus.i had their dragon green tea which was served in a wonderful bodum glass (nice touch) and the leaves were measured out with precision. lovely cup of tea.i'm spending my entire day here, love it.this place is sooo overrated! \u00a0went in there for a cup of coffee and it was like frickin hipster black friday. \u00a0there must have been 6-7 people behind the counter. \u00a0i ordered my coffee to go and waited there 10 minutes. \u00a0out of the many employees working behind the counter \u00a0only one of them was working. \u00a0yeah the place is decorated with 80's gear but maybe they should of spent some of that money on training their employees on how to make a cup of coffee! \u00a0stupidest place ever. \u00a0husband and i are boycotting it for being so lame. \u00a0over priced, too! \u00a0blah!this is both a cool and a cozy coffeeshop. i like it for these reasons: the coffee is good. there is free wi-fi. there is an enormous replica of the dolorian from back ii the future near the door, a working nintendo with games, and abundant nerd-chick early 90s memorabilia. there are big comfortable chairs and couches as well as one of those long thin tables with outlets for laptops at regular intervals. the reasons i don't come here more often are: i need to be able to study, and it's very dimly lit. the laid-back vibe and bad lighting are more conducive to a nap or a chat than to doing work. \u00a0this place is also often so crowded that i have trouble finding a seat at all, much less a seat near an outlet for my computer. i'm agnostic about the food situation, since i come here to drink caffeinated potables and not to buy lunch. however, i don't think they have much food aside from pastries (which i haven't tried, but they do look tasty) and sandwiches which are pre-made and in a refrigerator near the registers.i would probably frequent this place more often if i lived nearby--but i also don't go out of my way to come here. it's solidly good, solidly busy, and has a great interior and atmosphere for a casual afternoon coffee with a friend.very unique coffee shop. glad i yelped and found it. star wars posters in spanish, stuffed yoda and an arcade scoreboard listing the menu adorn the walls. we had the cosby classic and peanut butter mocha both of which were quite good. the real surprise was the donut with cream filling which although it sounds like an average thing, was extremely delicious. very hipsterish atmosphere.super nice owner contacted me, which i appreciate. and for that, a few more stars are added to my review. i used to like this place when it was nicer. i've been here several times before today and everything has been fine. today, when i took my son in to trick or treat, i was told by one of the co-owners or perhaps a barista, that they didn't have candy. i reminded her that it was halloween. she said that if i asked nicely, then maybe, they would give me a cookie. huh? are you serious? snarky and cheap? everybody on milwaukee ave. with the exception of 7-11 gives kids candy on halloween. it's all a part of the community. all of these good reviews must've gone to their head. \u00a0i will never go here again. i'll give my business to filter.so...when i can actually accomplish a night of homework in an environment of star wars toys, 1980's posters, smurfs, e.t., wondrous music, a delorean car, free wi-fi, pu-reh tea, coffee, tons of seating and outlets...so many electrical outlets!!!, you know, i found a win. after dinner at ear wax, my husband and i headed to wormhole on a whim and relaxed. a hell of a place. an inspiration for a someday cafe owner. great service, but gets crowded quickly. save me a seat!get the harrison gourd. it is about as good as a double espresso shot gets. sweet potato cream and lemon zest \u00a0top off this sophisticated seasonal treat.delorean- check!nintendo games- check!awesome coffee- check!yummy croissants- check!star wars stuff everywhere- check!this place has the perfect combination for the best coffee shop ever. i drank coffee, ate a croissant, and played bubble bobble for half and hour. i was in heaven. a must visit!hey, wormhole is cool.i think in what they set out to do-- make the place an eighties nostalgia and sci-fi geek's wet dream-- they more than succeeded. the music is ambient, not club-like so a+ for general environment and atmosphere. \u00a0and to the other reviewers on here-- ok, the delorean is cool. but seriously, we know. honestly i got over it like the third time i went. you're judging a cafe on what kind of discontinued vehicle it has in its storefront... seriously?i want to like woho but for someone like me who needs a cafe to haunt (i can't get work done at home) this place is hugely frustrating. first of all, there's barely ever a place to sit so i have to leave before i even order. this cafe is famous to a fault (probably thanks to you know what). assuming you don't get a seat at the one main table, you have to compete with hipster social hour on the couches or super mario bros. again, this would be awesome if i didn't have things to get done. \u00a0i realize i'm one of these deplorable laptop geeks that plague cafes, but can i please be one in peace-- there are others like me.the coffee is perfunctory. more often than not it's scorched or not even poured fresh. i like soy lattes and i know they're harder to make but the crema sometimes is just destroyed.they also don't have any microlot coffees (i'm not subtracting a star for this though as i realize most cafes don't!) their single-origins are eh. the baristas are nice, but not always knowledgeable or above and beyond if you know what i mean. i went a day after halloween and they were all busy complaining in a side conversation with another customer about a woman who had given them two stars on yelp... i kid you not. \u00a0 alas, wormhole i love you but you're bringing me down.i'm looking forward to caffe streets opening as it's both closer to where i live and presumably a more comfortable workspace. i've heard mike phillips is helping open it too!every drink i've tried i love! this is a fun coffee shop with a fun atmosphere. the honey bear late is to die for. great place to work or hang out with friends. it can get a bit noisy...but get over it-- it is a sacrifice you can make for delicious coffee!went to try the #1 coffeehouse on foursquare. and of course, to check out the delorean (and saw a kid playing video games on an 80s console). i don't usually drink lattes but...best vanilla bean latte i have ever had (eric, you rock)! don't take this the wrong way, but.. i wanted to stick my head in the cup and lick the remaining foam. so i poured more coffee in it and finished that up. croissant was buttery and flaky. pure heaven.there are a ton of places to get coffee in in wicker park, but very few seem to really \"get it.\" \u00a0wormhole is one of those talented few, and one of my favorite joints not only in the 'hood, but in the entire city of chicago. \u00a0great coffee, awesome staff, and fun environment.delicious (and local) metropolis coffee is always on tap, but the fact that there's also a rotating guest espresso keeps the regulars coming back for more. \u00a0most places stock coffee from a single roaster, and leave it at that. \u00a0i've gotten to try a number of really interesting coffees that would otherwise be inaccessible, and i commend wormhole for that.in terms of the staff, wormhole also gets five stars. \u00a0with several veteran baristas on hand, you know you'll always get a delicious, perfectly crafted drink. \u00a0but not only are they skilled, but friendly as hell. \u00a0i've been to numerous other cafes in the city where the staff is apathetic and/or dismissive, but the owner of this establishment clearly puts tremendous emphasis on good service. \u00a0that's really the lifeblood of any successful business, after all.last but not least, they've got a motherfxxking delorean in the window. \u00a0check this place out!i found the wormhole when i was in chicago in december, and visited on friday again last week. \u00a0it has the best decor of any coffee shop i have been in if you are into 80's culture, and i felt like it was a good crowd. \u00a0it was younger, but not pretentious at all even though it's in a hip neighborhood which some people who don't normally go to coffee shops fear. \u00a0the barista was friendly, and we chatted briefly about halfwit coffee which they serve, and i have purchased and had shipped to austin in the past. \u00a0i was with my younger brother who doesn't like going to coffee shops because of the hipster scene which is sometimes a valid concern, and he loved it. \u00a0i was disappointed though that he order the cold brew on nitro that i talked up, and it came out as an iced coffee without an explanation. \u00a0i'm one of those quiet customers who unless you have completely messed up will usually not correct people, especially when it's busy which it was at the tail end of the morning commute. \u00a0we still enjoyed it, and hopefully his wife drags him back to get his proper cold brew on nitro. \u00a0it was a pretty solid experience, and great coffee shop overall.as part of my city wide tour of chicago's old and new coffee roasters, i thought i'd update my review now that the wormhole roasts their own beans.. i highly recommend the half wit ethiopian gelana abaya. it starts off balanced with a tiny bit of milk chocolate and gets juicier as it cools. the barista described it to me as shortbread and strawberries, and while it hinted at strawberries on its finish, i respectfully disagree re: shortbread. regardless, it's delightful. i'd buy a bag of it for sure.over on the other side of the drink menu, i believe that their vanilla latte is the best in the city (possibly the best i've ever tried).great prices, dedicated staff and a wonderful selection of products. i just wish i could \u00a0just find a seat once in awhile!the decor was cool, coffee was good, and you can play nintendo video games. i absolutely love this place. they have a lot of different drinks here too and definitely worth to try. the wormhole coffee is definitely a plus in wicker park.glad to find my way into this wonderful little coffee house on an extraordinarily freezing cold day recently. the tea selection is really great. one of the baristas is not shy about letting you know what she thinks about the various teas. the atmosphere is pleasant and non-stressed, unlike starbucks that often feels like a coffee pick up place with loud, sassy music. i think it's a good way to get rid of people. wormhole has none of that. the music was great ... an urban background that allowed for conversation of its patrons. imagine that! plenty of space to spread out with comfy couches and some tables. they even make use of the front window as a seating area.i took a star off because despite my friend finding and handing me a drink card, the cashier did not even bother to punch the two \"dranks\" on the card. that's pretty shitty. i've noticed that of late; vendors offering all kinds of freebies, and then not following through. a little shocking, given the state of the economy. it's a shame, flaky and just downright rude. don't offer what you don't and never intended to give. it's tasteless and classless.the coffee and service is great here.everything a coffee shop should be. it is jam packed throughout the day, but that shows that they know what they are doing with their coffee. they are serious about it, and it is good.wow. honestly the best coffee i've had. the atmosphere is great as well. if you're in chicago and you love coffee, you must go here.\"the force will not be with us on monday, september 20\" reads the sign on the door. \u00a0aka, the wormhole would be closed. \u00a0children of the 80s, rejoice! \u00a0\"whoa, this is heavy.\" - marty mcfly/ dana f.in the window: a delorean. \u00a0mechanically, it's no porsche, but pretty damn awesome. \u00a0there are alf posters, top gun posters, calvin and hobbes comic books, vintage tin lunchboxes (did anyone else spot the yelp elite lunchbox?!), an atari, and one of those shelves where you kept all of your cassettes (grandfather of the cd rack). \u00a0coffee is served in darth vader mugs. \u00a0i was awestruck for a minute there - so much so that the barista asked if i was okay. \u00a0i wasn't okay, i was giddy and elated!but to get to the heart of the matter: the coffee. \u00a0what good is the kitsch, nostalgic atmosphere if the coffee is terrible? \u00a0my espresso was fantastic. \u00a0full bodied, slightly sweet, smooth, and of the perfect viscosity. \u00a0paired with a little nilla wafer, wormhole's espresso is a great way to get that much-needed caffeine boost and do a little bit of work or reading.everything about this place is done so right. the chai is always on point, the atmosphere is inviting and super laid back, and the seating is perfectly done so you can hang out on the couches with pals or sit and study at a table. definitely an all time favorite.love this place!! mostly everything in wicker park is guaranteed to be amazing, but i just have to say how great this place is anyway!! good, local coffee and friendly workers. they have huge macarons too!this place is extremely over rated, just as many things in wicker park usually are. the staff is very helpful , technology savvy, and informed about whatever product or concoction they are serving; however, the prices for a drink here....are out of this roof. seriously, a small tea with lime and ginger extract....5.50. wtf? i can make that at home, or at least 9 of these, for under 2 dollars at home. this place was clean and quiet \u00a0, and i think they even offered free wifi...but i'd be a traitor, order a drink somewhere else \u00a0, and bring it in here for the ambiance. there is so much light, you're bound to stay awake. also, like i said before the staff was kind and courteous , and willing to offer advice and information on flavors and recipes, but they were also fast paced. that is the only reason i am giving this place a 2, because sadly, the prices, the flavors, and the small list of available choices make it a place i don't need to return to. it's just \"meh\"i came up to the counter yesterday obviously lost and confused and the baristas set me straight. and they led me on a path to these amazing coffee shots which you must go and experience. i had the tall one (there's also a shorter, ball looking shot glass), and i guess the names change. there's a bottom layer of vanilla bean syrup (i think they said its homemade?!), next cold half and half, and finally on top 2 hot espresso shots. slowly pour the whole thing in your mouth, and finally swallow. mmmmmmmmmmm sooo good and weird.so yes guess the coffee shots. and i won't hold it against the wormhole for my parking ticket.oh and lastly, lots of people write about the wormhole in the missed connections section on craigslist, so i think the wormhole's customers need to man up and start talking to that cute guy/girl that is sitting over there.i loved the decor, i loved the atmosphere, and i loved the cool drinks this place served. however, needless to say, wormhole is always packed. it's a bit hard to find a spot to sit comfortably near an outlet, but if you don't mind sitting right in the middle of people, you'll be fine. sometimes when i just read, i'm okay with little space, but when i'm really studying, i prefer to study without having my elbows knocked. their coffees are interesting, and rocket juice makes summer heat bearable (although summer's almost gone now). i wish i lived closer so i could visit whenever i had to study :tthis place is freaking sweet! i had the bobachino. it comes in a mug that looks like boba fett's helmet. it was a 4 shot soy cappuccino. soy foam is hard to make creamy if you're not good. these guys were good! the french macaroons were like omg. i had a chai and a lemon. i want one now. too bad i can't use the force...speaking of the force the ambiance was awesome. i made friends with the patrons. \u00a0and they serve cereal. i wish i could live there.let me start by saying that i have a nostalgic soft spot for 1980s pop culture. as someone raised on movies like gremlins, ghostbusters, and the goonies, entering the wormhole was an amazing experience for me. while it has already been said 100 times on here, a full-size delorean in the front window is hard to beat. how about the christmas gizmo doll on the wall? nostalgia aside, the baristas at wormhole brew a mean espresso. mine was perfect...not too bitter, but not diluted either. i also enjoyed a skim mocha, which had a nice balance between the chocolate and espresso. as for the seating area, there is kind of a weird layout. you have some long tables at the back of the store with hard chairs. then, you have a couple of couches and soft chairs right in front of the long tables. from there, you have a large, wide-open space. finally, there is one small table w/ a couple of chairs in the front corner of the store. i kinda like the layout, though i was fortunate enough to get that small table by the front window. had i been forced to sit at one of the long tables in the back, my experience might have been different. with that in mind, while the quality of coffee at wormhole is equal to intelligentsia, i prefer wormhole because of the aforementioned \"blast from the past\" atmosphere that it provides. the one complaint i have (and this has nothing to do with wormhole) is that the wicker park area only has a few nice blocks of shops and bars. while wormhole is located in the shopping stretch area of milwaukee ave., once you hit milwaukee and division, the area starts becoming sketch. that being said, if you stay within those few blocks along milwaukee, damen, and north, you should be fine.i'm a nerd. i love video games, i love ghostbusters, i love back to the future... the list goes on. wormhole seems like it was invented for me. obviously, as other reviewers have pointed out, the delorean in the window is just awesome. but everything else is awesome too, from the posters to the collectible figurines speckled about the cafe.wormhole serves the highest-quality lattes i have had in chicago. period. filter, alliance, intelligencia, starbucks, einstein bagels, goddess and grocer - anywhere you go, you can't get a latte better done than this. even more shockingly, every latte on the menu is high-quality (i have sampled them all).now, the drinks are pretty expensive. a \"small\" is 8oz, and a \"large\" is 12oz - the same size as a tall drink at starbucks. and you'll pay $4.00-4.25 for that \"large\" drink. but again, the quality matters - and i have (somewhat begrudgingly) gone back again and again to drink the high-quality beverages there. so yes, it's pricey, but it's worth it, so i can't dock it any points just because i don't have the kind of income needed to spend $4 every time i get a drink.i love the atmosphere, and with only two windows, it's a pretty dark interior, especially compared to filter, the other neighborhood \"i'm going to sit here on my laptop and study or write a paper for the next 6 hours.\" if you're looking for a ton of coffee and food and windows to wake you up, then go to filter. if you want to go somewhere dark and cozy, with decor that will certainly delight if not distract, then go to wormhole.great atmosphere, and unbelievably good coffee. everything i tried was perfect.as a visitor to chicago, i loved the vibe of wicker park. when my friends recommended we stop by the wormhole, i couldn't help but give a chuckle of delight. i ended up getting the honey bear latte that day. during my visit, i came back in three more times to enjoy that honey bear latte iced. i walked through sunshine and rain. i loved this place that much. it isn't just the nostalgic '80s get-up they have that draws you in. every single barista was down-to-earth and generous. whether it's small-talk or advice about coffee, you're going to find someone knowledgeable and hospitable. if you're a regular, do ask for a punch card. it comes on a paper nintendo controller :)this place definitely has a soft-spot in my heart. ch-ch-check it out!decor is on point. \u00a0delorean dmc-12 time machine from back to the future? yasssssssssssss. macarons. they have 'em. (not great, but whateva..)pretty healthy/good selection of food. i'd eat here. next time. open till midnight on weekdays?! yay :)i'll be bock.despite the throwback theme that might detract from the ever-present and glorious smell of a brilliant cup of coffee, this is by far my favorite coffee shop in chicago. this is perhaps my favorite coffee shop in all the land.actually, the decor is quite nice. a product of the 80's (and i'm not bragging, simply noting why all of the posters, old school nintendo sets and themes strewn about appeal to me) i can appreciate the variations on a theme.delorian, dimly lit tables to cozy into near the back and well lit window seats and tables in front really make for the perfect interior. a little \"something for everyone.\"the coffee is also extremely tasty. smooth and never bitter and there are combinations i'd never have opted for had i not been to wormhole (a peanut butter koopa troopa?!).the staff is pleasantly aloof. this sometimes annoys me and i feel as though a genuine smile works the best. service is a bit hit or miss for me. some days i receive that genuine smile and others i get rushed through my order and barely dealt with. the ice queen(or king) act at independent coffee shops must be written in their memo-books someplace.it's getting old but hell, your coffee is delicious so perhaps you know folks will be back in no matter the demeanor.i'm a steady patron, that's for certain.overall, this place is tops. i'd gladly walk some miles or jump a bus line or two to get here...even during a blizzardafter a message from the manager about my previous review, i was actually kind of reluctant to go back. i don't like to be \"yelped\" at for relaying honest comments about a place, even if they have only been open for a few weeks. i expect every place i spend money to have their stuff together, no matter how long they have been open.thankfully, wormhole does seem to be getting the reigns on their shop. \u00a0the baristas and counter people seem on their game and the coffee is still just as delicious as before. maybe even more delicious. they have this 3 dollar bowl of cocoa puffs with a shot of espresso in it that is f-ing amazing. so good. also, they have so many outlets. so many! i was flabbergasted and excited. at filter i always feel like i am playing \"hunt for an outlet\" but not at wormhole. i can tell this place will be around for a long time, even if the milk station is still too cluttered for me, because the coffee is great and the service gets better every day.i don't drink coffee, so i can't comment on anything related to that. i had fruity herbal tea that was delicious and came in this cool mug that i am totally coveting. they could use more food and sweets selection.the atmosphere brought back memories of my favorite childhood movies. the vibe is laid back and mellow. the best part is that it's open until at least midnight. i'm a night owl, so i'm always looking for a place that's open past 10.me likes.ooh! on a personal note, this is my 100th review! :)i almost always give coffeehouses four stars, but i think this one is gonna be pretty accurate.our bearded friend/barista was pretty helpful in finding a medium (literally) for my light roast versus my company's dark roast preferences. their coffee de-jour tends to have a different brewing method for each, and the one we got, if i remember correctly, was nicaraguan brewed in a chemex (which he attempted to explain until he realized we understood how it worked). that always shows that your barista is a knowledgable barista. then he told us that if we both wanted the same thing, he'd just basically make one big brew and split the coffee between us. i think that means he brewed a 16oz. it was four bucks for the two of us. an honest barista is a friendly barista.so, was the coffee any good, you ask? sure-- if you like acidic coffee. if you know your coffee and know your coffee regions, i guess you already knew that about nicaragua beans, but i didn't. it starts off acidic and kind of lingers until you finish the sip off. granted this process lasts about five seconds, but still.my gentlemanfriend called this joint \"pretentious,\" with a little grin and short laugh, whatever that could possible mean. i guess you should just read that like you would read your pretentious book at wh.nerd factor: 3e^pi. the only reason i set foot in this place was due to the delorean. hell i hate coffee, but i'd go again just to go hang out next to the adam console and shuttle tiderium models.great new coffee shop celebrating everything from my childhood.. i came there yesterday for the first time and it was great- nostalgic movie/tv show themed decorations, enjoyable music, free no-strings-attached wifi, and i had a positive experience with the baristas. of course, it is a coffee shop, so its time to talk about my peanut butter blaster mocha(or something like that). it was truly delicious- i kind of expected it to taste sugary sweet and over the top, but what i got was so much better than that. the chocolate taste was rich and smooth and it had a deep aroma of peanuts rather than a dessert-like drink. for those of you who don't normally do sweet drinks, give this a try and you might very well be surprised. also, i got a free chocolate muffin from their \"day old\" basket. so tasty, and such an awesome little perk!wormhole, i'll be back, and i'll be bringing my friends with me.there are a lot of super rad things about this place. there's the obvious -- an actual delorian and insanely awesome '80s memorabilia. and the not as immediately obvious -- the most delicious vanilla latte i've ever tasted. love it.now, name that '80s movie...dark helmet: what's the matter with this thing, what's all that churning and bubbling? you call that radar screen? colonel sandurz: no, sir. we call it ... mr. coffee. care for some? dark helmet: yes. i always have my coffee when i watch radar, you know that.coffee, back to the future delorean, mac classic in back, powerbook 170 in front of the baristas, free stickers & the mocha puffs.nice place, free wifi, no attitude, decent prices & '80's kitsch. yay!cool joint, didn't get coffee here, but prior to eating at a restaurant nearby, got to check out their coffee shop. i got the cookie, which was okay~ really sweet, but abit hard. i like my cookie warm and chewy~ :/this is a sweet spot for several reasons: nintendo, vegan pastries, really good beverages (i had thyme warp and damn was it refreshing). \u00a0it's crowded all the f-ing time though. does anyone work or is everyone now remote comp geek hipsters? \u00a0i just want my nintendo time...i know they rearranged ages ago to have more space. maybe a further expansion :)i came here once and with three cups of coffee finished a book and took a mini nap. the wormhole is really great, sometimes the music makes it difficult to concentrate, but i'm sure that just depends on the employee. go here!great coffee and chill envirnonment. slightly \"too cool for school\" baristas and sales people but that is to be expected in this type of place. as far as coffee places to hang nearby, this place is the tops!why does a non-coffee drinker hang out so much in coffeeshops? (trust me, you do not want to see me after half a cup of coffee.) the ambiance, the wifi, the comfortable seating, the snacks, the occasional friends i run into... they're better places to hang out and get things done than my living room.this place has high scores on most of my coffeeshop criteria. lots of comfy cushy chairs for my bony ass? check. fun look to the place? i like the eighties theme stuff, but the color theme is a dark bluish grey... not energizing (though it's well executed.) also it was a little showroom-y, things matched a little too well. give it a 4 out of five. snack/drink selection? i got there at the end of the day, so it seemed a little thin, but you know, being a night owl, i'll probably be there at the end of the day in general. but my banana nut muffin was quite good. the chai latte was also good, if small. again, four out of five? free wifi? why would i hang out at a place without wifi? i didn't notice any slowdowns. check.late hours? open till midnight--sweet! check.other friends hanging out there? first time i visit, there's a bunch of my friends from pumping station: one to geek out with. check.so-- the debate is: do i give it a 4 or a 5? hard call. if i was a coffee drinker, i'd definitely go 5. but the weak snack selection didn't do it for me (hint: something substantial and chocolatey at the point-of-sale display and i'm yours.) and the showroom ambiance did not seem creatively stimulating. i'd go here to test code, maybe, but not to brainstorm new ideas.i wanted to love this place. i'm not in love, but i like it a lot. i'll definitely be back. and i'm definitely rooting for its success.wow, it's been 2 years since my last review and i'm still in love. \u00a0a lot of the original staff seems to still be there slingin' the best cups of joe in the city. \u00a0i walk in and feel at home every time... these folks are either really good at marketing or are extremely passionate about their craft; i say absolutely both! \u00a0ever since they began roasting their own beans, halfwit coffee roasters, i've become even more hooked. \u00a0as long as these doors are open, i see no reason to move out of wickie p. \u00a0keep it realz, and i will forever be a faithful customer of your wormholiness!wormhole, an unstable universe existing in space...and milwaukee ave along cta blue line. take off at damen station, there is a sick coffee shop specializing halfwit roasters in this neighborhood. lots movies' roles, posts and even stage props are full of this amazing place. i couldn't take my eyes off the decor and just enjoyed my espresso drinks. it has beaten intelligentsia down and became my top 1 coffee shop in chicago by its theme decor and smoothly rich taste.oh snap!mikey, data, chunk and mouth represent!plus...a delorean and darth vaders and yodas you read that right....i'm talking about a life size delorean in the coffee shop plus tons of 80's decor.all of the above is just icing on the cake for their coffee.their pour over coffee is how it should be everywhere... excellent!!!it's a hipster sort of place but us non hipsters did not feel out of place.go for the nostalgia and stay for the coffee... you wont regret it!all time favorite coffee!!! but it's a busy spot so don't go if you're in a hurry and to sit and concentrate. ;)best coffee in the city and coolest shop as well. don't expect to find many seats as there are laptops and cords everywhere. this isn't a shop to go to if you're in a rush either as the waits can be pretty long.where to start?! the good things: -of course a coffee shop in wicker park is hipster central, which equals fun people watching. -the delorean in the front and all the other 80s throwbacks-decent coffee.anyway, when i go to a coffee shop, i usually want to get some work done and not be distracted by chores/tv/phone calls at home. so i went to the wormhole with tasks to accomplishment. my issues:-the wormhole is not a hipster study haven. it's a hipster social spot.-the wifi was not secure and too slow for me to get my work done.-it was super crowded (the same problem of any trendy coffee shop in chicago)-i need to get a mac book apparently... there was no pc love hereall of these things (minus my love for my pc) meant i got very little work done. likely won't be back... but i see why others like it.this is geek paradise. \u00a0vintage movie posters and toys (including a lot of star wars and he-man toys my brothers had when we were kids.) half and half marked \".5 n .5\" - coco puffs in espresso and milk (seriously!) and a big stinkin' replica of the time machine from back to the future.i love this place.even if their drip coffee tastes mildly of cabbage.(though their vanilla bean lattes are delicious.)fun little coffeeshop that lets you play videogames while you sip, gulp, or eat! my personal favorite is their homemade vanilla bean, on the rocks. :)i am only an occasional coffee drinker, and i don't know how/refuse to learn to make a pot of coffee for 1 at my apartment, so this is my place to go when i need a fix. coffee is delicious, quick, and the lattes always have a cheerful design (that i ruin when i mix sugar in). my only suggestion is to add skim milk to the sugar/milk/cream table area. and even if you don't, i'll still come back.a mean cappuccino and vegan scone. clean fresh up-to-date fun hip space.over rated, hipster dump. the customer service is no where near friendly. they should just get in the stupid \"back to the future car\" and go back to a time where maybe they could learn some customer service. nothing cool about this place at all. i would have been better off at starbucks. \u00a0i had to give a star because i had to give a star.great coffee. the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because this coffee shop is always packed.great coffee, but no room to sit and enjoy it. too many people with computers taking up room.i had a delicious iced double espresso here during the july '11 chicago heatwave. \u00a0(such refreshing relief.)we found this coffee shop randomly, walking down the street when we noticed the delorean from back to the future in the display window. \u00a0it truly is a \"wormhole\" \u00a0to the 1980s entering this place. \u00a0we hung out for about 30 minutes on the couch, playing mike tyson's punch out on the nintendo. \u00a0 awesome place and awesome coffee.loved this place- the staff here is fantastic! the barista taking my order was so honest with his suggestions that it was comical. i told him it was my first time there and asked him what was good to order. he let me know that everything was good and that it would be in my best interest to order one of everything on the menu. we chatted a little bit more about my flavor preferences and he was able he suggested that i try the honey bear latte. something with great flavor that wasn't too sweet. the honey bear latte offered a delicious union of bitter espresso and sweet honey. it was perfect for me. the barista was super friendly and easy to joke around with. he even gave me a card to come back for a \"free drank\" so that i wouldn't have a choice but to come back again. which is fine by me! i would have come back even without it! my friend had one of their signature vanilla lattes that he thought was good but we both agreed that my latte was better. we sat at the bar area near the service station and ended up having great conversations with most of the staff there about which restaurants in the area they thought were good. everyone was so kind and friendly. i'll definitely be returning for my free drank.this place is great. you can get a great cup of coffee or a special drink which is prepared by excellently trained and passionate baristas. the counter staff was very eager to teach me and my roommates about the special drip to order coffee which was a very pure flavor. the delorean was awesome and the ambiance was great. definitely going back here.i'm a casual coffee drinker, but i've spent a lot of time around coffee in general. usually one of the first things that puts me off of a new shop (aside from bad drinks of course) is the space itself. with delorians, star wars toys, he-man toys, and other awesome 70's/80's decor it's hard not to love the shop. it's also got a lot more space to move around and doesn't feel closed in and cramped like a lot of shops these days.it's refreshing for the decor to not feature a vintage/thrift store style setting as that whole thing is getting a bit stale.the staff is super nice and professional and they definitely know their drinks. the vanilla iced latte made for me (by the super cute barista) was fantastic!if this place is as awesome as it is in the first week of opening i can't wait to see how things turn out when they get everything in proper order. do yourselves a favor and give this place a good shot.wicker park needed you wormhole, best of luck!see you this week...a very cute, kitschy coffee house that is cozy and friendly. if you want to ditch the starbucks and come to a friendly neighborhood spot, look no further. everyone there was super nice, the coffee was reasonably priced and tasty, and the decorations were really cool and will give you something to look at for hours! if i'm ever in the area, i'll definitely come back here!what can i say? the peanut butter koopa troopa is to die for! the ambiance is amazing, and makes for the perfect place to read a good book. best coffee you will ever have in yo lyfe!you can get a bowl of cookie crisps for less than the price of a coffee. brilliant.they've got a delorean in the front window. that's all there is to know. oh, and deliciously strong iced coffee.good coffee, but a pretty douchey guy was pouring drinks when i went in. cool atmosphere though with the old 8 bit nintendo you can play in the back and a full size replica of the back to the future delorian time machine on display.best baristas in chicago, amazing precision and great coffee. \u00a0funky place and music too.shopping the myriad of vintage stores in wicker and uke can be exhausting, especially with a hip, stylish teenager in tow. \u00a0so what better way to refuel than at a coffeeshop that pays tribute to the the 80s? \u00a0ok, so cool decor aside, what really matters here is whether the coffee is any good. \u00a0and while the prices are a tad higher than your usual barista joint, these ladies seem to be true artisans of the craft. we ordered two of their specialty lattes -- the drunken citrus mocha and the peanut butter koopa troopa. \u00a0carefully brewed and blended and served just hot enough for immediate enjoyment. \u00a0and well worth the nearly $5 a cup! \u00a0both were sweet without being overdone, yet with strains of syrup flavor between the roasty flavor of the coffee. \u00a0simply put, these were two perfectly amazing concoctions.while i doubt i could afford to do this often, both for financial and nutritional reasons, i was impressed enough by their technique and willingness to push the envelope that i'd make a point to come back here again next time i am in the neighborhood. \u00a0these folks are doing things with coffee and flavorings that i have not seen attempted elsewhere. \u00a0so if you enjoy coffee and all of the delectable treats can result from blending it with creams and sugars, you owe it to yourself to take a dive into the wormhole. \u00a0good stuff done right!definitely a cute place, but i find the 80s theme a bit puzzling. don't get me wrong, i'm all up for hanging top gun movie posters in italian, scattering atari games everywhere, and (of course) parking a delorean in the front window. it's just that the average customer age here is probably around 22, and we didn't really grow up with that stuff... so i'm not really sure what to make of it. imagine, a decade from now, people who are 12 now hanging out at a coffee shop with posters for the matrix and independence day, green day on the speakers, and a cut-out of monica lewinsky in a corner somewhere. that's the kind of weird/kinda cool/still weird i'm talking about. but it's still kinda cool.as for some more useful observations about this place, the coffee is great, there are seating arrangements for all comfort preferences, and the staff is nice. good people watching, and of course, great location in the heart of wp.tasty coffee. i felt like i was in a friend's basement in my childhood complete with the nes on top of the console tv.and there's a delorean inside.great espresso and drip coffee. given the quality, the prices are reasonable.loved the delorean and all the other 80's tchotchkes scattered around this coffee shop. \u00a0so yes, if you are a white male geek/nerd in your mid-thirties, you have found your mecca.not being your classic hipster, i did not blend well into the environs. \u00a0but that didn't matter - the coffee was good, the baristas pleasant and helpful, and the pastries tasty.a fun place to grab a cup or quick snack.", "NEIGHBORLY": "this restaurant has reopened as peach's at currency exchange cafe.i stopped @peachs_exchange yesterday with my niece and..omg \u00a0i was killing my nieces shrimp & grits!! \u00a0the service is neighborhood friendly (gives the cheers vibe) and food was delicious. \u00a0if i wasn't on a tight budget this week i'd be back in there today. \u00a0those cheesy, creamy, flavorful grits with bacon, onions, tomatoes was doing a dance in my mouth. \u00a0i couldn't stop eating them. the shrimp were large and perfectly cooked where they were still succulent and popping with flavor. i ordered the peach bourbon french toast which was very tasty, but those grits stole the show. \u00a0i ended up getting my french toast to go and shared grits and truffle fries with my niece.the fries came with a delicious spicy creole sauce that would be perfect on salmon croquettes (getting on my next visit) and that had some amazing banana ketchup.the chef actually came out and talked to us about how they infuse the ketchup with bananas which was cool for my niece to hear and have more appreciation for our dining experience. \u00a0we experienced friendly service, omg delicious food at a decent price for fresh quality food. can't wait to get back.only a one star because it was closed. i've heard rave reviews about it.... i took the time to travel and saw the sign that it has been closed. i wish that folks would take the time to edit that on businesss pages yelp said it was open and so did google.they literally converted a currency exchange into a pretty nice caf\u00e9. i like how they have healthy options and on this part of the south side i was surprised by the diversity of the clientele. i went with a friend for brunch and was blown away by what my friend called a \"biscuit\". it was dense and cake-like with a high polished top and it was divine! i would love to have another of whatever that was. there is also a check-in offer her for a free biscuit if you spend over $10 which is pretty easy to do. i thought it was affordable and the service was really good. i'd like to go back and try other items.not so humbly submitted,michael c.my friend and i decided to give currency exchange a try and i'm glad we did! we went on a saturday afternoon and it was packed!!! they have musical entertainment from 1:00 to 4:00. it was such a welcoming environment and i loved the neighborhood bar feel.the place is huge!!! i heard soon they will be opening up for dinner as well. now onto the food... :). i have to start by saying they have some of the best collard greens i have ever tasted. i'm also a huge fan of the black history month special menu item - skunabay salmon + sweet corn relish + potato risotto. i took a slice of sweet potato pie with me and yummy! i love how reasonable the prices are and will definitely be back. service, food, and hospitality of executive chef lamar j moore were excellent!this past sunday; i had a need for some good food. i've heard so much about this place. i would see posting of live music, special events and great reviews on facebook. to my surprise; the currency exchange cafe is located in the washington park area. i didn't realize how close this place was to my home. \u00a0it's centrally close to the highway, red line, garfield transit line, hyde park and woodlawn. it's great to see that they employed young people. the staff are wonderful. the place is beautiful. i love rustic look. it has two levels. you're able to eat at bar, booth and great seated table throughout. visiting the currency exchange cafe gives that #throwback vibe. the music is old school, jazz, neo soul. great place for working , meeting with old & new friends and eating good. i will definitely come back. i came back the next day for the monday live jazz event. \u00a0i loved it. \u00a0first drink iwith a ticket is free ( soft drink, wine, beer, chai)please tip the bartender.. great servicecurrency exchange cafe is a great place to grab a coffee, connect to free wifi and plow through some work. it's a pretty chill vibe with a steady flow of patrons, but not too distracting. although i've never had rude service, the staff could be friendlier. the matcha green tea latte is my go-to. i love cec's active community involvement. check them out especially if you're like me (self diagnosed adhd) and can't focus at home.one of the coolest & coziest places i've been in chicago. i could spend all day here reading a book or working on some work. i highly recommend the drink called green goddess & for food the shrimp & grits or spicy chicken. if you live downtown or on the north side this is a must visit on the south side!i really love currency exchange cafe (cex). no matter how much i get angry at their slow service, or their forgetting to give me this or that, or for having to remind people several times to wipe off my table after the previous guests have long gone, i just keep coming back.this morning, i arrived right after they opened and the house was already full with a long ordering line, which was moving slowly as usual. they only have one person taking orders at the walk-up counter, and it is not uncommon for him or her to discuss menu items in great detail, socialize with guests, or host conversations with the barista or other servers who frequently gather behind the bar. in this way, i guess, the good vibe of the place is created. with every kind of soul music playing loudly in the background and all sorts of happy poc eating and laughing at individual and communal tables, it feels like home as soon as you walk through the door. and it smells like your mama has been in the back cooking all day and all your cousins and mama's friends and uncles are already there and having a good time. it's warm, cozy, and the workers have nappy hair, funky haircuts, and goodwill clothes accentuated by trendy sneakers and wakanda-type shyt. look to your left and see piping hot plates of pancakes and french toast with whipped cream and berries pass by as quickly as steaming soul bowls heaped high with fragrant collard greens peeking out from underneath over easy eggs. you stand in that fcuking line and wait because it's worth it when they do the shyt right.i order the honey latte every time i come, and it is made with love each and every time. it is the perfect balance of sweet, creamy espresso and heavenly foam with a touch of honey in the bottom of every cup. my favorite barista, the girl with the locs and big glasses, is not much for small talk. each time i visit, i just thankfully retrieve my perfect latte when she yells out my name. today, they never called out my name, so i had to go up and ask for my latte well after i'd already eaten most of my food. the food was so good, i didn't really want to get up, but they had also forgotten my biscuit and i wanted to see what it tasted like with my soul bowl (scrambled eggs, juicy collards, and bacon pieces heaped on top of hot, fried potatoes). when i asked about my latte and missing biscuit, the worker performed astonishment. he paused, looked at his ipad screen in shock, and said to me, \"i don't know how that happened.\" [long pause that didn't include an apology] \"we will get that right out to you, mam.\"it was my turn to pause because i wanted to cuss at him for faking. instead, i said, \"and the biscuit?\"\"yes, mam. and the biscuit.\"i walked back to my table, where earlier, before my food came, instead of a latte, another server had placed a small sign on my table that read \"reserved @12:45.\" like beyonce said at coachella, ain't that a bytch? at that time, it was barely 10:15, and they were signaling for me to leave before my table even got wiped down. whatever.i sat back down and waited for my biscuit. the same boy i had reminded to bring it when he brought my food and promised to \"be right back,\" showed up after a few minutes with a piping hot biscuit on a saucer. i was disproportionately happy when it came and thought, well at least it just came out of the oven. that must have been the hold-up. i happily ate it and soon, my latte arrived too, with a beautiful heart shape floating in the foam. i like to think it was to make up for being so late. i paused to work on an essay i had been writing, but when i went back to my biscuit a few minutes later, why was the mf hard as a rock!?!? well, if you know like i know, then you know the only time that happens is when bread has been microwaved! no wonder it was piping hot! why, oh, why they wanna play with me like this? i am so greedy that i ate it anyway, mad as could be. almost choked on it. it made a huge ball in my right cheek and took forever to wash down. i put some greens in my mouth to soften it up, gave up on my essay, and decided it was time to write this review. with just a few minor tweaks, mainly in service training and closer attention to the high volume cex continues to see, it can be the rockstar dining experience it's supposed to be. bus and wipe the tables down quicker. make servers carry tickets to ensure diners receive their full orders at once. come up with a better system for delivering drinks. and for god's sake, open up another ordering line! cex has mastered an aesthetic, as is evidenced by the crowd and by its fun sm presence. it has found a way to appeal to every kind of community member close to our beloved south side. and there is something for everybody at cex, but service must improve. the least cex could do is make sure everyone has what they need, on clean tables, after they have pre-paid good money for their good food.truly a unique little coffee shop. the food looked excellent, but the coffee was amazing. i believe they use back of the yards coffee and my cappuccino was wonderful. they have an attached reading room that can be rented out for private events which is really cool. the people who worked at the shop were incredibly nice and this place caters to a lot of tastes and seems like a neighborhood staple. i came thanks to a recommendation from a friend and am glad to have followed through. the shop itself is quite big, lots of cool lil places to sit and enjoy. they have $1 coffee on the go and on the menu it said bottomless coffee for $3 so the prices are just right too. enjoy!i don't get to come here that often but its a treat for two reasons. \u00a0i always run into friends from the community. \u00a0its a great comunity spot for meetings and such. \u00a0the food is always good. \u00a0i had a taco dinner. \u00a0what!?? \u00a0ikr but it was perfect with two well flavored chicken tacos. no soggy shells they were cooked perfectly with a side of red beans, white rice and collards. \u00a0mmmmm mmmmm, so good. \u00a0each completed the other for a perfect bite each time. i also tried the ginger tumeric chai, very yummy. \u00a0 my friend had the chicken sandwich with a side of collards. \u00a0everything is delicious which is why folks keep coming back. \u00a0not so hidden gem near the dusable museum and the hospital. \u00a0great choice outside of hyde park usual suspects.the space is gorgeous, the coffee is perfect, and the staff is knowledgeable and welcoming. whenever i have a meeting in hyde park, i always visit currency exchange cafe. this morning i brought my whole sales team and we each loved our breakfast! i had the cornmeal breaded catfish with collard greens and red beans because i need to be gluten-free. my colleagues had fluffy scrambled eggs, big stacks of pancakes, sweet potato pie, and banana pudding topped with real whipped cream. this is an outstanding restaurant!i wanted to try \"currency exchange cafe\" every time i passed through this part of south side. \u00a0for some reason i thought this place was at least a block west from the cta garfield green line station. \u00a0oh no, cec is literally across the road, though the signage could have been more conspicuous. \u00a0the building appeared to be antiquated, but it was the contrast between the \"past\" and \"present\" made the space remarkable. \u00a0i saw parts of the walls were purposefully left \"untouched.\" \u00a0however, the coffee bar, the kitchen, and the restroom were clearly the new add-on or were renovated before opening for business. cec serves coffee, tea, mixed drinks, and food fresh from the kitchen. \u00a0orders are taken at the register, and items will be brought to the table. \u00a0i know this spot may be just a coffee shop for some; it's a solid light lunch spot for me. \u00a0both catfish po'boy ($8.5) and the shrimp & grits ($12, as of 02/19/2017) were delicious! \u00a0although there was minor clumping of the grits on the bottom of the bowl, after a few stirs that didn't really bother me. \u00a0they brew metropolis coffee. \u00a0hubby and i really had a blast this afternoon. \u00a0the only complaint was the portion size of each entree; a bit more generous servings would have been desirable for the prices we paid. \u00a0otherwise, a side of salad or chips would have been greatly appreciated. \u00a0looking for somewhere to take five in the south side? \u00a0if i happen to be in washington park or near the west end of the uofc campus, i certainly will stop in.this was my first go around at the currency exchange cafe so i tried sampling multiple items from the menu just to get a taste of as much food as possible. well unfortunately that didn't happen. of the relatively small menu, two items weren't available, of which one truly disappointed me. the restaurant couldn't make pancakes..... pancakes!!! i had a yearning for pancakes and they didn't have them during breakfast hours. realizing i already had two strikes and a third would've meant i giving up and just going somewhere else, i decided just to get a traditional breakfast. grits, egg, turkey sausage and their signature biscuit with a hot tea as my drink. everything thing i had was just alright. the setting was dope and the service setup was very unique for the restaurant's layout. it has the feel of a trendy restaurant that looks to turn into a neighborhood favorite casual meeting place. the patrons were very diverse in makeup, which is good because diversity makes everyone feel welcomed. all in all, i don't know if i'd try the cafe again for breakfast. the lunch menu has better reviews than the breakfast menu anyway. \u00a0plus i'd hate to come back and leave with an unfulfilled taste for pancakes!!!i love the atmosphere. i was here working since i work from home. my friend and i decided to order food. the menu sounds and looks amazing. but i wasn't pleased with the food. my standards are high since i am from louisiana. i order the fish and grits. it came with fried catfish, greens, a biscuit and of course grits.the catfish was so bland. no seasoning in the batter at all. was so disappointed. the biscuit came out and it looked amazing but tasted like cardboard. i tried to use jelly and the jam was too watery. now the greens were amazing. if you are working at times the music can be a little too loud. i don't think they know their identity yet. is it a coffee shop where ppl can work or a coffee shop/restaurant. i will give this place another chance and hopefully they amp up the seasoning on the food.this is an amazing little place right off the cta. all the staff are amazing, they have cool old rap/r&b playing, and a vintage vibe. more importantly, they are a \"green\" restaurant with composting, and support community organizations. the food is classic southern with a twist, and it is delicious! the lunch soul bowl i got was a soupy mix of southern goodness. i loved the bits of sausage i got in there. the shrimp and grits was a little soupy for me. four stars because the menu did not seem super diverse to me, though it looked great, and portions were a little small. i would go back for an afternoon coffee break and a bite of comfort food. great spot!this. spot. is. amazing!while exploring the washington park area, we stumbled across this neighborhood gem. we absolutely loved the food, drink, and atmosphere so much that we've returned several times since.why do we love this spot so much?first, the food is fresh, flavorful, and fantastic! house made biscuits and bread, hearty bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich, the most delightfully flavorful house-made spicy fried chicken sandwich, delectable house-made jam, scrumptious metropolis coffee beverages, and so much more!second, the space has a fantastic atmosphere. clean, open, and homey, we found ourselves able to come to currency exchange for a variety of reasons. whether it be to tackle some work in the basement area with a plethora of wall plug-ins or to meet with a group of people and chat! all of your needs can be meet!third, it is a professional and comfortable coffee/lunch restaurant that makes it clear that all people are welcome. just as chicago is a sanctuary city, this cafe is a sanctuary cafe for all the locals, chicago explorers, and travelers that come through the doors.thanks for being fabulous, currency exchange. we will see you soon for our next dining adventure! :)visiting from michigan and stopped in here, everything i ate was delicious, fantastic service, great music, and excellent space. i highly recommend anything with the collard greens. the soup bowl was heaven. go there and then... you're welcome!hi,my husband and i visted currency exchange cafe (approx two weeks ago i think) on a rare saturday without our little ones.to be fair, i was unaware of the concept (not sure what you call it) of getting your own placeware, drinks, etc. ummm, ok. so, moving on. i was totally put off by paying first for a casual dining place. this is not a fast food joint. in addition, there was actually a tip option field on the self-order portals before you even get your food or have a chance to experience the service! \u00a0so, i already knew i wanted shrimp and grits as it was my understanding this was one of their specialties. the \"waiter\" had the nerve to tell me they do not serve shrimp and grits on the weekends. he said the rationale was to offer their client-base something \"different\" on the weekends since everyone orders this during the week. this literally makes no sense. creole/southern/soul food is a big part of their menu. like, why would you have fish and grits on the weekends (which my husband ordered) and not shrimp? i could tell dude was lying by the way he paused and stuttered. why not just say....we ran out of shrimp?i ordered the bottomless cofee. bottomless implies to me at least one refill right? two maybe? in order to get a refill you have to be given coffee almost immediately. i was not. after several minutes of me waiting i ask about my coffee. i was brought cold coffee. i take it back to the bar and the same waiter offers to make a fresh pot. i ask him if i should wait at the bar with him. he says no, he \"will not forget about me this time\". i literally watch him from our table making cocktails and what have you for several minutes. i eventually go back to the bar and just tell him to cancel the \"bottomless\" coffee as i was already halfway through my meal. he offers to give me a cup to go (this is not bottomless is it). they were unable to cancel but brought me $3 single dollar bills to my table. and as i think about it, why the heck would you charge for refills?music was good, but way too loud. maybe i am old. an older couple had to go downstairs. it was the weekend of the chosen few house picnic.hubby enjoyed his food. he said the greens were a little too sweet and the biscuit was more like cake, but still good. he would return. not me!i've recently started going into currency exchange fairly regularly. great locally sourced coffee and a nice environment to get some work done or chat with a friend. most of the coffee shops and cafes in the area are in hyde park and i find currency exchange to be a refreshing change of pace. i think it's a great addition to washington park and i love the whole arts block concept. if i had one complaint it would be that i wish they were open later! (they currently close at 4pm)first time going here..atomosphere is nice. enjoyed my shrimp & grits & biscuits were so good! my food order was misplaced but was rectified quickly & i received complimentary drink of my choice.i love the environment. staff are very friendly. the food was ok, i had the blue plate special. the greens were sweet and i didn't expect that and personally don't like it. the catfish was fried beautifully but lacked seasoning, as well as the red beans and rice. the biscuit is to die for!!! i also loved the pom pom drink. i will come back to try mo e dishes.this was an excellent dining experience, as soon as you walk into the establishment the smell of delicious well seasoned food. however you feel a little disoriented by the set up of how you order and find seating for your meal. i had the breakfast plate with pink panther limeade drink. the breakfast plate entails fresh light and fluffy pancakes, perfectly roasted potatoes, turkey sausage also including your choice style of eggs. through yelp they also gave us a hot biscuit. in conclusions i really enjoyed the meal, mars our waiter was perfect wish i knew that you pay before you eat, otherwise i would have given him a nice tip for his kind service. the cafe is really cozy and i can tell they love what they do. my only disappointment was the time length to receive the food could have been shorter, but otherwise i will be back for more!when you walk into this place, you forget that you just stepped out of the hood. i was greeted by the melodic sounds of a foreign land and the decor is a definite hipster vibe. don't wait to be seated, walk directly up to the counter and place your order. you will received a number to place at your table (a la nandos peri peri) and the server will bring you eats on out to you. grab you drinks, if ordered, and your silverware, \u00a0before heading to the table you select. the service was quick and did not disappoint. i had the breakfast plate, which was a basic meal. since becoming vegetarian, i'm always curious to see if restaurants will offer an alternative. the veggie sausage were, hands down, the best i've ever had. i don't reside in the area, but am around frequently. i can imagine that this place could become a part of the regular weekend ritual.this place is just awesome. love the food. delicious coffee and tea creations. great music. man i love this place. i'm going to enjoy this place because soon enough it'll be too packed.i love this place. it feels like love and home. like i'm in a wondrous land of beautiful blackness when i walk in. the music, the people, the food, the gorgeous staff, the decor, the vibe, the jet magazine covers on the wall... it's soothing to my soul. i had the blue plate for lunch. fried catfish (crispy and well seasoned) + greens (smooth as butter, perfect mix of savory and tang), red beans (creamy and well seasoned), white rice with stew tomatoes on top (the stew tomatoes was delectable) + a biscuit with the homemade preserves (fluffy, light and buttery, preserves were amazing). it took everything in my damn power to not drink the pot likka from the plate. i believe the entree is $12. best $12 i've ever spent.yaaaaaaaaaaaassssss!!! this place looks so hipster, whaaaaaaat??? it's so open! and they got that matcha????????? whaaaaaaaaat??? s/n: usually vegans or whole food shoppers know what matcha is. it's a type of green tea powder with mad caffeine. so i came here yesterday with my dad and cousin. its literally 4 blocks walking from my crib. 4. legit.\"yaaaaaaassssss queeeeen!\" \u00a0*snaps fingers dramatically in a downward z*(i'm wilin' this morning... please bare with me! )i had a meal with grapefruit, a biscuit, and a hard boiled egg. yes i'm on a diet, bih summer is coming! \u00a0i ended up eating half of another biscuit and a side of turkey sausage. \u00a0don't judge me!!! my dad had potatoes, eggs, and a biscuit...and the chocolate mocha coffee. when i tell you this was so good!!!! omg. i look at my green goddess matcha iced latte like, 'why can't i be great, and fat? hmmm?' i can't. omg.so my cuz had a texas toast, egg, cheddar, and turkey sausage sandwich. she said it was buttered, \u00a0toasted, and cooked to perfection. and the eggs were so good and just had cheddar on 'em.*throws hands to the sky and screams* yaaas laaaawd!!!! (told you i am on one today...)so im geeked because i'm waiting to go again today with my bestie. \u00a0#winning#blackowned #serviceisgreat #blackhippie #southside #thatfoodsmackin and their prices are reasonable! we paid $36 for 3 people!!!! 3!!! yupppp.great place to eat at.....services and good was awesome......... our server was really nice he gave us a lot of hit tips we're definitely going to come back here and hang out love this placecurrency exchange is a great example of a place for everyone. we went again this morning. the service is warm and attentive. the french toast was...fresh, homemade whipped cream with spices. perfect. the coffee is some of my favorite in the city. and that $3 biscuit is worth it. \u00a0the grits too were yummy!this restaurant serves soul food. for it to also be located on the south side, it baffles why soul food is not also listed in the cuisine section. i visited with a friend. there was no hostess stating whether to sit or not, so people come in and look around, guessing what to do. we went to a table until 10 minutes of no server, we went to the bar to order. you wait standing there for your food and drink. i had collard greens (good), fried chicken (it lacked seasoning), and a very hard and cold biscuit. the serving size was literally for a first grader. i find it odd that they want a tip when there is no server. right after i tipped, i asked megan what was in the next room which they announced was open. i was waiting for my friend's food at the counter still. she said, \"you'll have to go see for yourself.\" that's when i knew i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. we came from the west & south burbs. had just bought food and tipped (for no reason) and this was the \"service.\" never again. i guess i was suppose to walk around with my food and drink in hand, with no info? this was her time to share with new patrons and create return customers, but no. better service and food is still had else where. venue looks nice (star). music was so loud, i couldn't hear my friend who sat directly next to me. free parking (star). the south side needs businesses but it needs businesses with good service even more.my best friend and i were here a few hours ago from the art incubator. i should have checked in for a free biscuit. anyway, i had the catfish poboy which was so good, seasoned and not fried hard. i love their fries too! i'm definitely coming back for breakfast!first time here and definitely will be back. \u00a0only had time to grab a cup of (bottomless) coffee but the vibe, prices and selections were all top notch. \u00a0conveniently located across the street from green line garfield stop, ce is a cool place to work, write, chat, etc. \u00a0the place has djs and live jazz once a month as well. \u00a0the only thing that it needs to change are the hours -- 8am to 4pm?! -- you're losing a ton of $$$ not being open for those that commute to work via the green line. \u00a0definitely want to try the food next time.i conduct many business meetings here and i just love the vibe. \u00a0the food is great, the music is straight from my playlists and the people are cool. \u00a0parking is not too bad if you arrive early enough, but it's manageable.i come here a good amount and it's obviously a great addition to the neighborhood. the food is usually fine, though it tends towards minimalism - the breakfast bowl, for instance, should probably have more than just one tiny egg in it.but the three stars are really for the dismal coffee, which is a recurring theme. the iced coffee, at least, really just tastes like water that has gone off. for the first time in my entire life i returned one the other day, and the lady working the coffee bar did not seem at alllll surprised by my revelation. the fact that it comes in a tiny, probably 8 once glass doesn't really help matters. so in sum, fix the coffee problem or switch providers and everything will be awesomedon't be fooled...great place, good food, nice location and very discreet. this is my third time here, i order something different every time. \u00a0the tacos are good, the soul food breakfast bowl is great, and the cobb salad with chicken, which i ate today, is phenomenal. oh the biscuit just makes the whole ordeal outstanding.this spot has easily become one of my favorite cafes. it is located right off the garfield green line stop. i highly recommend the greens. off the bat, the staff were super welcoming and they did not disappoint when handling the aux chord. missy, pharrell, brandy, erykah, and jill filled the space. worth checking out!!!so a friend recommend this place today for lunch, and it did not disappoint! the ambience of this place is really chill and laid back, my type of place. they offer soul food with a little bit of a twist! i had the shrimp and grits, which was my first time ever ordering it out at a restaurant. the grits were cooked perfect and so where the shrimp, it had this lemon gravy like sauce which was very strong in flavor, i did like it, even though at times it was a bit to strong, so if trying this beware of the bold seasonings in this dish! this place also has a coffee bar, which i tried their salted caramel almond espresso iced, which was very delicious! to top all of that off i had one of their home made biscuits with their homemade jam, my oh my it melted in my mouth!! the staff were extremely friendly and i would definitely try this place out again!!first time visiting and it was pretty good. went with my gf and we ordered brunch. i got the fish and grits which came with collard greens. i also got the vanilla bean coffee expresso which was pretty tasty. coming in caught me off guard because you have to order right away at the front where they make the coffee. didn't too much like that.. wanted to sit down and relax then look it over. you also have to pay before you even get the meal! so as we sat down no waiter came up and there was no water on the table. as i continued to look around i noticed others getting up and grabbing from a table, that's when i got up and saw that's where the water and napkins and knives forks etc are! someone should of said something off back. never been here and not knowing how things operate was very frustrating! but my catfish was delicious! food is very good here. i will be backhad an awesome lunch here today! sad i hadn't tried this place sooner! i had a southwest salad with chicken, they fry the tortilla strips fresh and the dressing is delicious . my husband had the fried chicken sandwich and said it was made perfectly. we both shared a biscuit which was super buttery and fluffy and delicious. the matcha and mint iced latte was soooooooooo good :) !!! the service was friendly and very accommodating and the prices were perfect for the portion sizes and clean atmosphere. we will be regular customers !this place is so eccentric, i love it! i've been a chicagoan my whole life and i'm so happy i discovered this cafe. whenever i'm in town, i will make a stop here. i got the shrimp and grits: delish! my friend ordered some fries and they were soooo good! they also had a dj who was killing it with the vibes. i love this place so much!i love this space! the food was delicious! i had the blue plate special with biscuit and tea. as a vegetarian, it's nice to find some soul food i can eat! :) the staff are incredibly friendly, the clientele is very diverse, which is a nice change from what i've seen in the rest of the city. and the space is beautiful. i will definitely be coming back here regularly. love supporting local businesses, especially when they're as good as this!i have been here two times and both times were consistently good. staff were nice as pleasant. i ordered something basic and it was good,especially the pancakes! they are always playing dope music! i will be back for sure!they are closed on mondays, so yelp needs to update the hours. i love the interior! there are three full floors. i had the soul food breakfast bowl. even though i don't like sugar in my greens, it made a great balance of sweet and savory and the greens were seasoned to perfection without the sugar. \u00a0the biscuits are to die for! the atmosphere is so laid-back and they serve rum punch! the music is like smooth house. the have dj duane powell from 1-4 on saturdays.the food is awesome! black owned business too! i've been here twice and i got no complaints. \u00a0great music too. make sure to check out the menue behind the bar to the left it has other drinks that aren't o the menue. go there asap!i was looking for a good post-race meal that would be marginally healthy, when yelp suggested this place near jackson park. it's actually in or around washington park, but it was only about a 10 minute divvy-ride, so i went for it.the divvy station is right across the (six-lane) street, which was pretty convenient; it's also pretty convenient to just get off the green line at garfield. anyways, i really liked the look of the inside, which i'm guessing took inspiration from a currency exchange that used to be on the site? i didn't ask, and i blame that on having just run a half-marathon.i ordered the chilaquiles, in part because i had no idea what they were. it's actually a lot of chips sitting in a jalape\u00f1o-tomato sauce, covered in chicken, sour cream, cheese and eggs, which i ordered scrambled. though i've seriously never been hungover, i suspect this would do quite nicely as a fixer-upper.the flavor was over-the-top good on these. chips were crispy, salty and flavorful, and the chicken was deliciously marinated in something resembling a distant cousin of jerk sauce. the sour cream went perfectly with fluffy, moist scrambled eggs. and the tomato sauce gave it a good kick to boot.it's a long haul from downtown, but it is worth your time to cash in at the currency exchange caf\u00e9.this place is amazing! the vibe is great. it's a small cafe right off the green line garfield stop. it's next to uchicago campus, but not filled with students at all. service/ambiance: everyone is very helpful. the owner is present almost every time we come in. it's very casual. you order at the coffee bar and your food is brought to you. even though it's casual, the place exudes class and comfort. all and all, you feel at home. the music is a great selection (frank ocean, etc.) and not too loud. laptops are not discouraged. wifi available. food:they offer a wide range of comfort food, southern soul food. i'm originally from the south, and the catfish is amazing. we ordered the catfish po'boy and the chicken sandwich. both were fried to perfection with a wonderful blend of spices. value:both sandwiches were $8.50, but absolutely worth the taste value. bottom line:check it out. worth going.so this is a really cool place! i mean the decor and the atmosphere are awesome. also, i had the salted caramel almond latte, which was sooooo good. as for the food, i honestly just thought it was average, so i can't give more than 3 stars. the prices were reasonable to me. i think one pancake was $3.50, 2 strips of bacon were $3.00, latte was $4.00, the grits were probably between $3-$4. the pancake tasted average, the biscuit was also average. the grits were a little too thick for me......kinda reminded me of when i make instant grits and don't use enough water, that could just be my preference. the bacon was actually good. also, everyone who works here seemed really friendly and nice!i would go back for the coffee or just to hangout, but i don't know about the food. nothing was terrible, it just wasn't above average. maybe it was an off day? i really don't know.less than expected experience. the ordering system is more like carry out. you order food and drinks at counter and pay before you pick a table for dine in. we picked a table which hadn't been cleaned from the prior guest. we made a \"waitress\" aware and it still took a while to get cleaned. when our drinks were ready, we had to fetch them from the counter. when food arrives we were made aware that we should have gotten our own silverware at the counter as well. i just don't understand or like the process. i wanted more food and drinks but i didn't want to get back in line to do so. the food was ok. the only saving grace for a star was my \"coco loco\" (cold brew, coconut and almond milk). it was divine! i don't see me making another trip from joliet for it though. also i left a generous tip that i wouldn't have had i known what i know now.i love the space at currency exchange. im a big fan of plants, natural light, booth seating, and tiles, and currency exchange hits all the marks! i also think they play great tunes to work to and overall, the ambient environment is perfect for catching up with a friend or getting some studying done. i love how they have good bottomless coffee for three dollars and really enjoyed how accommodating they were as they warmed up my bread pudding muffin upon request. prices are a little steep, but i feel like im paying more for the ambience rather than the food itself. the muffin, although tasty, was pretty dry even when it was heated up, but still tasty and full of chocolate. i will say though that the breakfast potatoes were out of this world: flavorful, crispy, and reasonably priced for the amount that you get. i think if i were to come back, i'd just get a drink, maybe the breakfast potatoes, and do some work, but overall, pretty fantastic cafe!good food, excellent coffee, and a comfortable relaxed atmosphere we will definitely be going back.i can't say enough good things about this place. excellent food, great atmosphere and good music. the catfish and grits and the lunch soul bowl are my favorites. the food is absolutely delicious, the staff is warm and friendly and they don't hound you to get up the second you're done with your food. i love this place!the food here so damn good so damn always!! whether the catfish is grilled or fried, it's very good. try the bourbon were tea, even at noon:) the greens are locally sourced. best restaurant greens i never had. the biscuit looks like a muffin, fluffy with a side of strawberry jam, with nice lumps of strawberry. come try them out.i've been here before and it was table service. when i came the last time i waited for 20 minutes at a table only to realize it's now an order at the counter place. i liked the chilaquiles before, but after waiting and not realizing the ordering had changed, i decided to leave cause i had already spent a lot of time there without direction and was beyond hungry.cool vibe and nice workspace to grab a quick bite. \u00a0i love their coffee and matcha drinks. \u00a0and the food is delicious as wellit's ridiculous how well-hidden this place is. stationed right at the garfield greenline stop, it's probably missed by most commuters like me. the concept is great - i believe they wanted to transform an abandoned building into a space for food and art. i ordered the chilaquiles and loved them! portions were very big. my other friends got the shrimp and grits and gumbo, but they didn't seem to be particularly good. portions for those dishes were also significantly smaller. it took awhile for us to be served but the waitress was very apologetic. i'm sure service is usually better. also, note that the free street corn for check-in is no longer valid. i'll definitely be back! so excited that spaces like these are popping up in south side.awesome place. casual and very kid friendly. helpful service. no fancy hipster menu but the food is good and prices are fair. coffee is excellent. i had a caramel latte. busy on a sunday morning with a short line to order at the counter but found seats easily and food came out quickly. nice neighborhood vibe too. easy parking.love the concept of this cafe and the interior design. food was mediocre to good.good afternoon,\u00a0\u00a0this morning was my first time having breakfast at your establishment with my twin nieces.\u00a0 we drove from the western suburbs to the city.. let me say that the food was quick and good.\u00a0mostly the items they have on facebook, \u00a0they do not have, \u00a0maybe seasonal. \u00a0but the overall staff experience needs work:1. as i was standing at the counter the light skinned young man,\u00a0 used his index finger to level ground coffee, and a female staff member took the measuring cup from him and used her index finger.\u00a0 both did not use a utensil or had on gloves.\u00a0 and then he proceeded to the register to take orders and money.\u00a0 as i was giving him my order, i noticed he had scars/scabs on his knuckles.\u00a02. when the same female employee brought our food,\u00a0 my niece ask for the wifi, the employee said it very fast and walked away.\u00a0\u00a03. when the female employee called my name to pick up my beverage,\u00a0 when she handed me the teas, it spilled on the saucer,\u00a0 i had to ask for a clean saucer.\u00a0 no apologies.\u00a04. lastly,\u00a0 the same male staff employee was carrying food to customers table,\u00a0 with his pants falling,\u00a0 we had to observe his blue stripe underwear,\u00a0 in a restaurant.\u00a0this was very unpleasant experience,\u00a0 and my nieces who are teenagers felt the same way.\u00a0 i try to explore them to other businesses outside of the suburbs. this makes me wonder about the kitchen staff,\u00a0 i hope they follow the restaurant guidelines.\u00a0 i hope this review will be taking into consideration. i frequent many coffee houses,\u00a0 and they use the appropriate utensils or gloves.i really enjoy this place. built as part of theaster gates's community developments, the currency exchange caf\u00e9 is across the street from the garfield green line and only about a mile from the uchicago campus. i've come here for breakfast twice now with my boyfriend and each time we had the breakfast plate (scrambled eggs with cheese, turkey sausage, home fries and a biscuit) and the breakfast sandwich on texas toast. the restaurant is beautiful and decorated rustically with found items. the service is a bit slow and one of the servers was a little dismissive of one of my requests. also i hope to god that they go back to their old biscuit recipe. but the meals are filling and it's a good place for the community.this place is a neighborhood gym. living in an area were there are not a lot of healthy food options and casual meeting place this is the best spot. my favorite dish is their soul bowl (collards, eggs, spuds and turkey sausage). came here for a meeting and it was nice, quiet and cozy. other menu items looked great as well. moderately priced and parking is so/so since it's right under the green line tracks. i'll be back !i went here for the first time. \u00a0the service was good and atmosphere was nice. \u00a0i enjoyed my blue plate special for the most part. i just thought the greens were a little too sweet for my taste. however i will be going back. i will just try something different next time.my go to work lunch or change of scene spot. near enough to uchicago for a quick mid day lunch via car but far enough way so that it doesn't get really crowded and isn't full of students. i love the chicken taco dinner served with rice, beans, and collard greens.wifi and coffee are reliably good as well. hip decor, great no frills service, and good vibes music makes this an easy 5 star spot.free street parking all around.much larger inside than it appears. coffee house feel, free wifiorder at the counter and food is brought to the tablei had a mimosa (6.50). really yummy. and the catfish and grits (i think it was $12). came with biscuit and greens. but, i heard the greens had sugar in them so i didn't get those. \u00a0i was in full fat girl mode so i ordered bacon...it was so good, i went back and got another side of bacon. \u00a0everybody liked their food and drinks the vibe was excellent and i will definitely be back on my next trip to chicago. \u00a0 i love that it is on the south side.nice ambiance, and great coconut oolong tea - smooth and fabulous especially with some honey. \u00a0didn't eat but menu looks wonderful and i know it's all homemade and it smells soooo fabulous. \u00a0collard greens and catfish and biscuits and a plethora of other delightful lunch items. \u00a0i will eat here soon.update: yes, now i've eaten here one time and it is marvelous. \u00a0i got beans and rice and greens and a biscuit to go. \u00a0all of it. \u00a0every bit of it was delicious. \u00a0perfectly cooked and spiced beans and rice. \u00a0the greens were lovely and ever do slightly sweet. \u00a0the biscuit was mammoth sized, homemade and fabulous. \u00a0tender on the inside, crisp on the outside and served with homemade berry jam. \u00a0i'm coming back!great atmosphere nice and quiet upstairs there is \u00a0downstairs for very small meetings. food is great i had something simple because you can't mess up simple? they did excellent on the potatoes and scrambled eggs with cheese. even though the potatoes did not have onions they were very well seasoned. i will definitely return.update: \u00a0currency exchange cafe started accepting phone-in orders! \u00a0it has made such a difference. \u00a0i call in my order, and it's ready by the time i walk over. \u00a0so glad to see the service expanding.the staff is very friendly whenever i come in. \u00a0:-)had a tasty and fast breakfast at currency exchange. the food was incredible and the atmosphere was everything we could've wanted and more. midway through our mean the entire place burst into song to wish a fellow customer happy birthday. overall, great coffee and great food, with a lovely cafe vibe.this little rustic gem is beautiful! the staff is friendly and down to earth. the food is really good! i had the grilled chicken sandwich and fries. my friend had the fried catfish sandwich with fries. both plates were cleared!not totally vegan, but i'll take what was offered to me for breakfast. service was great and the staff was friendly to me. i ordered the tacos (made vegan friendly for me) and veggie sausage and the green goddess (yummy) had to mention to the manager that the cooks needed hair nets on or hats. but other than that, glad i'm around the corner from such a nice spotit's a cafe off the green line, that's a win right there. currency exchange is just about perfect whether you just want tea or coffee or need a bite to eat. if you're coming for breakfast, get the pancakes , coming for lunch , shrimp and grits or then blue plate special are sure wins. free wifi of course. longer hours would be great.this place looked cute on the inside and had a welcoming environment. however the overall experience fell flat of what i expected based off the reviews posted here. i had the cold brew and my bf had the hot coffee. these were on point and the strength and flavors were great (4 stars), but that's where it ended. i got the veggie tacos and maybe i should i have tried something like the biscuits everyone raves about. maybe my expectations are too high because i'm from texas, but i felt the veggie tacos were like what i could get at taco bell but twice the price. the tortillas were obviously store bought. beans were flavorless. they used iceberg lettuce on top with a small pitiful amount of tomatoes. they forgot my avocado that comes with the dish and they brought it out with no issue when i mentioned it was forgotten, but that didn't make it any better. i also got the free street corn yelp offer; all i can say is that i was glad it was free. had to add salt and it made the dish kind of good, but i've grown up with real street corn and that is not it. i can tell the corn was from a can. at lease roast real corn on the cob and chop it off the cob or don't do it at all if you are planning to use canned.also, the service was pretty lacking. the girls were nice but not attentive. i put in my coffee order right away then had to make an important call. 10 minutes later when i'm still on the phone, they come back to ask if i ordered anything. yes, i ordered cold brew. my friend got his salad before i got my coffee. after i got done with my phone call i had to flag them down multiple times to put in an order and it took way too long to get those two sad tacos. a disappointing experience overall. if you come, it's a cool place to hang out, but just get the coffee and not their food.highly recommend. food was very delicious, music is awesome \u00a0 and feel so comfortable in here. definitely will come back to do some reading and work.my favorite hidden gem. this is our go to comfort home. the food is constantly good. music never misses a beat. community eating tables and specialty coffee drinks are a hit. i love this cafe for the vibes and involvement in the community. i'm so happy they are thriving in the neighborhood. you might even run into friends there, i know i have.i booked a private event here and was told everything was set. i ordered invitations and was very excited to celebrate my birthday at such a cool place. my event planner scheduled a meeting with the manager and the chef for a final walk through and to finalize the custom menu. i showed up for the meeting on time at 3pm- \u00a0only to be greeted by the manager who said \"oh um yeah um um well the chef is no longer employed here and all events have been cancelled\". my next question was \"did this happen last night or this morning because i don't understand why you wouldn't contact us to let us know this and to cancel the meeting\". the manager just stared at me and blinked and then said he could get someone for me to talk to. out comes the coo who basically shrugged and just blinked and said \"we're just focused on the restaurant now and not events\". i replied, my event is a month away and you're just casually telling me i've lost my venue like it's no big deal. he replied \"sorry\" and just stared blankly. fast forward one week to me getting an email inviting me to a special private/ticketed event happening at the restaurant on 7/1! so much for no more events! i was so upset. this place is unprofessional, inconsiderate, and they've wasted my time and my money. i've planned and hosted a multitude of events large and small all over the city from millennium park to small venues like space 1858 and this was the worst experience i've ever had. it's disappointing to not be able to support black owned small businesses because of shady unprofessional practices. there was no accountability and not even the slightest effort to make it right or be mildly accommodating. they didn't even offer me a glass of water while i waited and tried to sort out what was happening. to this day i've not heard from anyone, not the owner, manager, or coo with a sincere apology. should they go out of business i'm sure they will blame others for a lack of support and not themselves for running this place in such a garbage manner. cex is trash and i will never ever return. such a huge disappointment and inconvenience.stick with the breakfast food and you'll be happy. the green goddess is my go-to in all seasons (hot or iced) and the pancakes are great. outlets are plentiful and the music is good. i've found it a great spot to camp out and do work.i felt that they presented themselves like a \u00a0conventional restaurant with waitresses but you order and pay for your meal before you sit down. \u00a0you get your water, utensils and condiments yourself then sit and wait for them to bring your coffee or beverages but after the initial run you get it yourself. i ordered the fish and grits and when they brought out the food, the catfish had a chunk missing like it had been bitten. i am not exaggerating. fried fillet with 10% missing. \u00a0i pointed this out and they brought me a completely fresh meal. \u00a0my wife ordered decaf, they brought her regular. \u00a0instead of hiring seasoned restaurant staff, i think they went for a certain hipster look and hired people who have obviously never worked at a restaurant. \u00a0slow, half-informed with little in the way of charm. \u00a0i guess that's what you get when you offer no real opportunity to tip them anyway. \u00a0(i'm not tipping when i'm paying first genius)this was just a weird place. \u00a0i know they are new and will probably improve because the food is good. \u00a0but the hipster setup and process that somehow manages to use modern technology and still be inefficient,needs to be rethought entirely. \u00a0food: b+service: fenvironment: aparking: athe place is a nice cute coffee shop but has entrees. the cashier was very nice. my drink was really good. the french toast, greens, and catfish were good. the grits weren't good and the biscuits were just ok. i do like the ambiance of the place. i will come back.i love this place. the coffee is great, the staff are wonderful. it's a great place to spend a saturday morning reading or studying!i love this coffee spot. the space is great. it's a treat to work from here. i really like the decor. they have these little cubby areas that make you want to sit here all day. i love the bookshelves and one day when i'm not working maybe i'll grab a book. the food is good and has lots of vegan options. the music playlist is always great. check them out.this is my go-to place on the south side! best jambalaya, greens, fries etc. bottomless tea / coffee. great service from super chill, friendly staff. you get the feeling they actually care. awesome, comfy decor. thank you theaster gates and homies!i live a block from here and love almost everything about this place! i enjoy the small one dollar coffee for my dog walks and the occasional treat to go. the ambiance is top notch and employees are terrific. the cooked food is the only area of opportunity imo. theaster gates is making a wonderful artistic impression on this neighborhood.the food was good, the staff was friendly, and the ambiance was relaxing. i loved my experience here. i came here for lunch and i ordered the fish and grits and subbed though collards for rice and beans. the fish needed a little more salt but overall everything was pleasant. the rice and beans were everything i could have wanted. i was also a fan of the homemade jelly that the served with their biscuits. i will definitely be back to currency exchange cafe. this time, i'm bringing friends!honestly, i struggled to decide if i should even write a review for this place, since i didn't actually consume anything here. i met an interview subject here on sunday for an hour-long chat, and was totally unimpressed with the service. when i walked in, i couldn't figure out if i should seat myself or wait for someone to seat me. it was busy so i wound up seating myself while waiting to figure out where my subject was, but there was no acknowledgement of my presence for at least 5 minutes. no biggie - i figured out where my subject was seated and went over to her table anyways after perusing the menu for a few minutes. she had already ordered for herself and her sons, so i flagged down the waitress and ordered a hot apple cider before getting into my interview. she acknowledged my order but then... either totally forgot about it or the baristas just forgot to make my drink. at this point, my interview subject was talking so i didn't feel comfortable interrupting our interview to ask for my drink. service was slow overall but it seems like my subject was pretty happy with what she had ordered for herself and her sons, so that's why two stars instead of one. the music here was also really loud and didn't really give me a cafe vibe, and it was definitely hard for me to hear my conversation, even though i was just sitting on the opposite side of the table. i'm sure their drinks are great, but it just wasn't an awesome experience for me.in town on business. \u00a0checked the reviews and gave it shot and i must say a great experience. \u00a0was greeted by the friendliest gentleman who also let me know a few other places to visit while i'm in town. \u00a0if you are visiting chicago and want a nice meal in a comfortable setting then the currency exchange is a must. \u00a0the red eye coffee and the breakfast platter was delicious.this is a dope cafe in washington park on the southside. \u00a0it's got a hipster, earthy, mellow feel with great food and a good ambience. \u00a0i had the breakfast sandwich with a side of collard greens and it made for a very filling breakfast.easy to access right off the garfield green line stop.the only knock is the service started off great, then there was a huge gap in time to take our orders. \u00a0once our orders were in, the service picked back up.this cafe' is defintely a new concept and part of investment in a community that needs a commercial boost. i loved the feel of the place--very homey and artsy. many students were studying there and eating breakfast by 10 a.m. today. the server was very friendly and quick to ask us if we were only getting coffee or also food. my review, however, doesn't include food because we didn't have any. however, i only went in for their popular green goddess, a minty drink on my way to a longer driver. i ordered it with almond milk, and it was a mistake because it got very diluted (a 2/5 alone). anyhow, i would give this place another try due to the buzz about the chilaquiles and to support local businesses.very hit or miss. i love the place and want to support it, so i continue to go even though 50% of the time the staff is rude and 50% of the time the coffee is bland.i have enjoyed grabbing books off the bookshelves and reading while i drink my coffee; in fact i went in once a week for about six weeks and read an entire novel off their shelves.one member of the staff is my favorite caf\u00e9 employee in the city, so as long as she works there, i'll keep going in.what a cool space and vibe! great place to study, chat, and enjoy some good food. i will be back when i am in the area. i ate the catfish and it was out of this world.greens so good you'll slap your mama! \u00a0love the look and vibe of this place. talk about an awesome re-use of am old space! \u00a0the food is also quite good and the menu is eclectic. think soul food with a twist (smelt tacos, beans and rice with veggie-chicken). the \"blue plate specials\" are priced right and well-portioned. highly recommend the greens (in case you missed that opening line).they still have some links to work out though. the beyond chicken was a little bland and the street corn was over-done, slightly tough, and had some really hard bits that did not sit so well on the teeth. the tacos were tasty all around though and, again, did i mention the greens? \u00a0:-)great service and a great start!the food is decent, but the portions aren't enough for a two year old. won't be back. waste of money.i give it an star because the place is really nice inside and the great location. however the service is unacceptable, not too many selections on the menu and the food wasn't exactly explained or specials were not offered. so to my conclusion i will not be back. very unfortunate because this place could have been my favorite spot. damnthis place is a hidden jewel in the neighborhood. it's great for families, day dates, girls brunches! i went once and came back 3x's in one month. loved it!i actually came for breakfast last year and haven't been back since. i totally forgot about this gem. i came today with co-workers and found out they are opening a wine bar book store next door. how dope!! i love this spot for our community! the artistry is defiantly alive in these rustic like spot!! and of course there is always neo soul blasting.. totally love it!!!.. shrimp and grits are so goodgod, i bring people from all over chicago for this. currency exchange is a mix of soul food and mexican food and a cafe environment! yes please!i can vouch for the soul bowl, the vegetarian taco dinner, all of the sides and the street corn. everything has a perfect spice profile. you can end the meal with a local palleta. what a freaking awesome place.love the atmosphere here since the place has lots of seating and the staff is so welcoming! so far each time i came here i've gotten the chilaquiles because it's the best thing ever and they give a huge portion of it!this is probably my favorite cafe in the city of chicago. the location is absolutely stunning- i could spend an entire day in there. it's easy to get to from the green line or mlk drive bus, has wide open hours, and super helpful sweet staff.the food is the real prize here though- the pancakes are among the best i've ever had, and i've also really enjoyed their tacos and donut holes. you can't really go wrong here. everyone also praises the biscuits, but that seems dangerous of me to even dabble with. keep going to this place, they deserve your business and they're good people.nice place to eat! \u00a0their biscuits are delicious! \u00a0not a fan of their shrimp and grits at all. it's not the typical shrimp and grits...it has some type of zest or citrus taste. my daughter had the pancakes and they looked good...looked homemade. overall, it was ok to me. service was awesome though.stopped in for breakfast on our way from chicago to champaign. what a fantastic find! the space is open and eclectically decorated; very sophisticated but fun. the two staff were incredibly friendly and answered any questions we had. we ordered the coco loco, la ma\u00f1ana, and chilaquiles. the coco loco cold brew with almond milk and coconut syrup was smooth and not overly sweet with great coconut flavor. la ma\u00f1ana was a nice light breakfast of ripe grapefruit, hard boiled egg and a soft, delicious, homemade biscuit. the chilaquiles were a perfectly proportioned mix of tortillas, chicken, and cheese with a fried egg and mouth-watering chipotle sauce. prices were great for portion sizes. if we are ever in the area, we'd definitely stop by again! highly recommended.i never knew this place existed until now they been open for about a year now. nice atmosphere for coffee, conversation & food u can also have events here. they have nice smooth music playing in background not too loud. the d\u00e9cor is interesting. now the food. i ordered the coco loco(cold coffee, coconut syrup & almond milk. the flavors were nice just wish the coffee was a tad stronger w/the ice it became watery. i had the breakfast bowl(2 eggs however u liked mine was fried w/ lil yoke they did it right in between rice & i had bacon which was diced up. it had decent flavor to it. the biscuit wasn't for me it wasn't flaky more doughy i'll pass on it next time. overall i'll go back & try the lunch menu. the day i went radio host mr. cliff kelley was there relaxing from wvon 1690 am.( i love his show this was a bonus)this is such a cool place!! loved the food atmosphere and customer service.. there were so may tasty items on the menu i didn't know what to get i decided to go w the pancakes which were light and fluffy, i also tried the iced green goddess amazing!! \u00a0i'll def return to try more of the deliciousness!! the food came out fast and the staff was very attentive.i am so pleasantly shocked to discover legit delicious food in hyde park. i've had the blt w/ fries and the blue plate special (sofrito rice, red beans, collards) so far, and both were fantastic and reasonably priced. the space is also just super artsy and cool--a great place to take out your laptop and use free wifi to do work or relax with a book.the coffee here is so good. i recommend the iced mocha with coconut milk.the location is very spacious. it's perfect for meeting someone for coffee or studying. they also have some outdoor seating.service is quick and friendly. 10/10 would highly recommend.i've been here three times now and i'm always disappointed by my drink or by the service. the first time i just ordered coffee and a banana, and the cashier did not understand how paying in cash works, considering that \u00a0i gave her coins so i wouldn't get coins back, and she proceeded to give me less money back as change... and she refused to see she was wrong. the next time i got a hot chocolate. it just tasted like warm milk. there was no chocolate flavor. this last time i got a pumpkin spice latte with almond milk. first they gave me the wrong drink (a hazelnut latte). they were nice enough to give me the drink and then make my own drink. but the drink they made me didn't taste like pumpkin and did not taste good at all. the hazelnut one wasn't good either. moral of the story: come here for tea and to do hw. go elsewhere if you want something beyond that.drinks: 4cleanliness: 4outlets: 4noise level: quietwhat a perfect study spot in the neighborhood of hyde park! came about 1-hr before closing and there was just 1 lady working. super quiet, plenty of tables both high and low, and large windows for natural light. it's located within a common building in the back/middle.would i come back? yes, perfect place to do work.it's a dollop so you essentially know what to expect. \u00a0like the other locations, the drinks are solid, albeit a tad overpriced, but certainly a better option than habitually burned coffee at large name brand corporate coffee shop. \u00a0(rhymes with barlucks). \u00a0i had a latte and then later cappuccino. \u00a0the latte was very good, they had the right balance of milk and didn't leave you feeling heavy. \u00a0the cappuccino was great as well and the perfect boost in the afternoon.as noted by some others this isn't the coziest of dollops. \u00a0it definitely has a bit of a colder industrial feel to it. \u00a0having said that, it's a large space in an area where the coffee shops tend to be a bit small and over crowded. \u00a0the plug situation needs some work and sometimes they've got the music cranked a little loud.not the best dollop location, but it'll do. i only like it because it's convenient and fairly spacious but otherwise i wouldn't come here. the seating isn't very comfortable and while there are outlets available, i feel like there aren't enough. the whole place gives a very \"cold\" feel. i usually prefer coffee shops that are more cozy and warm. there are definitely other dollop locations that have that nice ambience but i'm not quite sure what they were thinking with this one. there is a pretty good amount of space available and it is less crowded than some other cafes on campus, probably due to its tucked away location.this shop is located in a building on uc's campus. unless you are familiar with the northside of uc (smart museum, young building etc) you probably aren't going to find it.as with most dollops, speed isn't high on the list of priorities. true, everything is handcrafted, in true barista fashion only one drink is made at a time and there is (unimaginative) latte art created. so with that being said, if you are getting coffee/espresso on your way to class or a meeting, make sure you make time for the process. the decor is super industrial which is cute, but dollop still manages to have a messy lobby/cafe space. not sure if it's due to students studying or being lazy with their belongings, but it manages to look disheveled.also, the food for what you get is extremely over priced. there is a small reach in and panini press; it looks like everything is slapped together by hand, so maybe it's priced so high to dissuade people from ordering? i wish dollop would partner with goddess and the baker grocer for rte items and pastries. especially in this type of environment i would think that grab and go options would be super popular and efficient. but what do i know?all in all, it's a nice addition to uc and maybe hyde park (if they had the right signage).what a great coffee shop! large, well-lit, and airy, it has a lovely ambiance. seating was plentiful, as were outlets. wifi worked with no issues. the noise level was minimal but it didn't feel too quiet. i had an amazing sandwich and also a hot drink. both were tasty and not too expensive. the clientele is mostly uchicago students, so there's definitely a young vibe. everything was clean and tidy. the baristas were friendly as well. this is one of my new favorite places!i've been to a few dollops around chicago and this one is probably my least favorite. like any coffee shop, there's is some variance in quality based on who's making the drink, but this is the only dollop where i have felt like i was regularly overpaying for what i was getting. this location is regularly out of certain drinks and sometimes milk (almond, oat - although a lot of coffee shops struggle to keep oat milk in stock so this ones not their fault). i usually order a cappuccino and somehow the espresso often tastes burned and sometimes they don't froth the milk enough. my latest drink was almost at the same quality as mcdonalds or starbucks. the espresso was incredibly bitter/burnt tasting and the texture was too watery for a proper cappuccino. \u00a0i will say, for what is close to campus, this place is one of the best, but it is nowhere near the level of quality of most dollops or other similar chain coffee shops in the city (la colombe, intelligentsia).i would not recommend any espresso drinks from this location. i just ordered an iced mocha, the barista forgot about the shot (which was pulled into a milk pitcher???) while helping another customer, and then overpulled the second shot too. she filled the cup half with almond milk, filled the rest of the milk pitcher (containing the shot and the syrup) with almond milk, and then poured only half of the espresso/chocolate/milk mixture into my drink. so i received maybe a quarter-strength drink that i paid $6 for. i get that people are learning, but this poor girl was alone on shift and looked genuinely terrified by making this drink. there really should be a second employee on to train for the sake of both employee and the customer.its really a shame that i've had such poor service at this location (repeatedly) because i love the downtown dollop spots. unfortunately will not be returning for espresso any time soon.really love the space. was not as impressed with the latte, it didn't taste like coffee at all.great coffee and one of my favorite campus places. it's also a great place to do work or sit and talk. i also recommend the jammy hammy sandwich. food and drinks are a little on the pricey side but it's better than pret and the other places on campus (except maybe the grounds of being or plein air, but those places are often more crowded).also the music is usually on point.i use to really enjoy them when they opened but my past few experiences have been horrible. there is only one barista who actually knows how to make the drinks correctly (a black man with blonde hair) everyone else does a horrible job of it. i allows get the mexican mocha and it taste so watered down whenever other people make it. i don't think i'll be visiting this place anymore.wonderful addition to uchicago's north campus and a welcome gem to hyde park's already crowded cafe scene. but students can never have enough cafe options. because i woke mere steps away from this establishment i've grabbed coffee from here many times. their coffee is smooth and strong. i've also highly enjoyed their almond croissant which was flaky, buttery and creamy. i'm currently sipping on a lovely chocolate milk. this airy cafe with high windows allows for light to pour in and makes for a pleasant experience whether one is working, relaxing or just popped in for some hot cocoa. i'm happy to be a regular!visiting from cincinnati we asked for recommendations for a coffee house. \u00a0dollop was recommended as a good place. \u00a0pros: -very bright interior with large windows.-a few couches to sit in for relaxing with others while drinking coffee.cons: - music is distracting and not relaxing and kept going in and out.- pricy. \u00a0two iced coffees and one pastry was $13. - decor feels more like a cafeteria than a coffee shop. \u00a0wide open space with white bare walls with the occasional painted coffee related art on the walls.-outlets are literally falling off the wall leaving wiring exposed.much better place to work than starbucks down the street. usually pretty crowded with students, so be prepared to share a bench. tip: sit farther from the doors if you can -- they let in a nasty draft in the winter and there are 3 sets of them!coffee is a little pricey at $2+ for a small. the place gets quite packed with students. if you're looking for a place to sit down and work, they have a lot of seating options if they are not all already preoccupied. it is mostly bench-style seating where several (assumed) strangers share one table and bench. there are also small tables and bar-style seating available, but in smaller numbers. overall, if you're looking for a place to work, expect yourself to be kinda crammed in like a bunch of sardines. there is also a small area with sofas that are comfortable for small get-togethers if you wanted to chit-chat, but again, you have to be fortunate to get these seats if they are what you are looking for. the busy-ness gives the cafe a nice ambiance.awesome cafe! i ordered a coconut oolong tea and a snicker doodle cookie. both were excellent. barista was super nice.i am so glad this place has come to hyde park! it's got great american-style pastries, and the biscuits are really indulgently delicious. the coffee and tea options are broad and consistently good. i think it's a great place to work, with the big open windows and ample seating and plug points. the service has always been friendly.what a great addition to campus! finally a good coffee spot with ample seating and lots of sun light for those of us still stuck in school studying! coffee is great here as are the baked goods (made in house). the vibe is chill, good background white noise to study to. it's pretty quiet as well since everyone here is a student. you'll be seeing me here from now on when i need to get some sunlight and studying in!not worth it. super expensive iced coffee (maybe it was a cold brew) and it was way too strong and bitter, even after adding milk. i was really disappointed.got an almond croissant here. it was bomb. the almond cream had little almond skin flakes in it. i've never seen that before and it was great. the crust was beautifully crunchy and buttery. excellent croissant, dollop. i commend you. the space is surprisingly large and very brightly lit. despite all the students, i felt that it was reasonably quiet.this feels strange to say because i generally like open, well lit spaces, but for a coffee shop, dollop's huge windows felt a little strange. perhaps i am too used to the softly lit, cozy atmosphere that most coffee places go for. honestly, i need to go back here for coffee and update my review accordingly.relaxing environment to chill and get some work done! since it was uic finals week, got to take advantage of their bottomless coffee deal!so i've been coming here almost every day for the past few weeks to change up my studying environment. i love this place for a few reasons: it stays open until 10 pm, which is why i started coming here. most places close at 8 and 9 pm in this area. love the long picnic style tables, bright lighting, and open layout. the tables are great for group meetings and for people like me who just like to spread out with my books and laptop. the music here is great. sometimes it's a bit loud but never too intrusive. i love how they play artist's whole albums. i've discovered a few new people i like just from listening to the baristas picks for music each night. \u00a0the baristas are friendly and remember regulars even though this place is full of students every day. drinks are great and they usually do a little latte art on my cappuccinos which always brightens your day :)thank goodness, at last a bright spacious coffee house open late! rare on the southeast side.dollop is an awesome coffee shop north of campus and they have awesome customer service! they've got lots of seating so you don't have to worry about not having a place to enjoy your coffee or food. awesome music in the background gives it that classic coffee shop vibe that students will definitely enjoy to socialize and study in. it's great!hey! i love working out of your hyde park space. there's so much space and great wifi. everyone was so friendly even though i was making changes to my food (celiac struggles). do you per chance have a printer? i've been having to go to cafe 53 to get my prints.this place deserves all the hype it gets. i've been coming here almost daily since starting work down the street. i always order coffee black and the quality is stupendous. i've started getting the lunch recently and the big payback is delicious, not too much and reasonably priced. the staff is always friendly and parking is easy. ill keep on coming back so long as they keep on being awesome!really dug the decor and the coffee was excellent. the food looked good, though i didn't have anything. and the staff was quite friendly. i don't live close, but if i did, it's the kind of place that i would frequent. however, if i did frequent kusanya, it would be, without exception, with newspaper, magazine, or book in hand. here's the negative:normally in 2018, non-working wifi (unless it is a one-time, unforeseeable disruption, as can happen to any business) knocks a review down to one star. but these guys are a non-profit and doing good work, so there's no need to ding them. not for nothing, but they also have no reviews less than three stars, which is definitely something. still, after a twenty-mile or so, meandering bike ride through some nasty, nasty construction zones and streets (screw you, hyde park!!!) with kusanya as the ultimate goal, i can't say it didn't leave a bad taste when, after changing out of my sweat-soaked jersey, ordering a drink, settling in, and opening my laptop, i was treated to internet that wouldn't connect. hopefully they fix that with their provider.first i'd like to say thank you to kusanya for bringing such a super cool cafe to englewood. cafes like this are needed within the community. with that said this was my second time visiting the cafe i hav family nearby and it's great to have the option to get good food and coffee nearby. today i tried the oatmeal and it was really delicious not your traditional oatmeal it was baked oatmeal very yummy. i'll def be back and i'll get the oatmeal again. prices are good customer service is excellent and the food taste good also.i loved walking into this coffee shop. it's in a good location, easy parking, free wi-fi, and great food selection. the cafe space is very open and comfortable and the bar is nicely designed out of reclaimed wood and doors( i think).the staff is great, polite, funny, engaging and offering great service. the food coffee and music are all top notch and if your even think you want the baked oatmeal, do it, don't skimp on the warm cream.even though i was visiting from out of town, i felt welcome and like i was among friends. i can see why it's called \"kusanya\" - bring together in swahili.i am pleased with my visit here, very kind staff and great taste coffee options. \u00a0order a coffee to go and check out the sleeve: brewed in englewood. way better than that watered down crud starbucks sells. the atmosphere is usually very upbeat and trendy. a lot of vegan sandwich options, which is a bit problem for me!great place! saw this on a pbs special one night at work so me and my daughter checked it out. i had the big payback and my daughter had the bernie mac n cheese. excellent! she said it was the best thing she ever had which is a big deal for her. this place is a gem and i hope to see more pop up! will be coming back.i finally made out into this awesome space. tried before but my timing was off. they weren't open...well, today was a stumbled-upon kind of day.... so very happy i came! first visit... very awesome coffee! i mean deeelicious !! they said they roast their own beans in house!um... guess i never submitted first review... so... 2 weeks later i was wanting that delicious roasty flavor... got it for free! they have a pay-it-forward program! sometimes your drink is in the last person! it's \u00a0love! so, i bought a brownie.... just to taste & give away (diet), but bit they are really special brownies... wish wish wish i could inhale the whole gooey thing. don't must out on kusanya quiet spacious clean friendly chill deco goodthis place is lovely! \u00a0i came in with some coworkers and really enjoyed my iced caramel latte. \u00a0the prices are fair, the ambiance is comfy and inviting, and the staff is friendly. \u00a0i will certainly be back.the latte was almost as good as the service! the ladies were very friendly and helpful. the caramel latte i got was very flavorful and was perfectly crafted. i will be stopping here regularly. so refreshing to have a coffee shop in the area!this is the spot for me whenever i'm in the neighborhood. i had the baked oatmeal with fresh berries and almond milk and it was perfect, along with a latte. prices are so so extremely reasonable, and the bakery case has yummy items ranging from 90 cents to three bucks. i love the aesthetic here. they have beautiful art pieces and a rustic, hip feel to the general decor. the coffee is roasted and packaged on-site and also sold at the englewood whole foods. everything is top notch quality with choices of $1 mugs of coffee if you order it to stay. i love the nods to englewood throughout the cafe, from the outline of the neighborhood sketched on tables, to the coffee sleeves and paper bags. kusanya also hosts neighborhood events, a fresh foods night market on certain evenings, yoga on weekends, and open mic storytelling. kusanya is also a non-profit that started on kickstarter and that stays afloat through community support and grants. if you want to donate check them out online or stop by and ask about it. i look forward to trying their sandwiches! so so good!non-profit cafe, c'mon y'all, this is pretty cool.folks told me, yeah, don't go to the south side. i'm from oakland, and that's what people said about there too. it's kinda surreal here. this business should be supported!french toast is good, cafe au lait a bit burned, soup great, and the cornel west sandwich pretty boss!the barista said they have music here sometimes.i love this place. i come in once or twice a day. the quality of their coffee is beyond expectations. the other guys have nothing on them. the ambiance and decor are wonderful. cozy and inviting with a very friendly staff. this is not a \"fast food\" place. don't expect speedy service. expect great service. go kusanya!i was on a film shoot with my crew on the south side of chicago and we needed lunch and to setup shop for a little while to capture footage. we found kusanya caf\u00e9 and it was great.staff was friendly, had some wifi for us to use, and the food was great. pro tip: get the chicken funkadelic. really delicious chicken salad, not smothered in mayo, with a little kick.wish there was one closer to me, i'd go frequently.great little gem of a coffee shop. incredible coffee and great food to boot. surprisingly great prices and very helpful staff. definitely will be back!rosa j. believes that every community deserves a inclusive, inviting, and \"empowering\" spot to hang out. \u00a0kusanya cafe is an englewood represent, located on the southeast corner of green and 69th. st. \u00a0i do have to admit the surroundings are a bit sketchy, even though i don't anticipate immediate danger during the daytime. \u00a0the cozy joint is absolutely nice to get coffee and light lunch fare at reasonable prices. \u00a0i saw many regulars take advantage of the free wifi and bright sunlight to get work done. \u00a0i had the \"ham master jay\" sandwich made-to-order by the friendly young lady at the register. \u00a0it was executed impeccably and tasted delicious. \u00a0together the large, 20oz. latte and the sandwich cost less than $10 after tax. \u00a0after visiting various coffee shops in the city, kusanya is one of the most inexpensive places i know. \u00a0if you happen to be the area or need to grab a quick bite nearby, kusanya is an excellent choice. \u00a0the nearest el station is the cta 63rd./halsted green line. \u00a0for cta buses, #8 (halsted) and #67 (67th./69th./71st.) are in close proximity.this place is beautiful. the food is good and the ambience is wonderful. friendly staff. nice place to read a book or get some work done.i was grateful to learn of this place. \u00a0the entire setting is well thought out! \u00a0i was also grateful that the staff janiece and lisa were excited and seemed to be empowered. \u00a0they believe in the product. \u00a0this place was awesome.this cafe is probably my favorite in all of chicago. the interior is beautifully decorated, the music they play is perfect to bop to, and the staff is incredibly gracious and kind. not only does this coffee shop support a great cause, the coffee is smooth and fruity, and i really appreciate how they encourage their customers to use reusable mugs with lower prices. the cornell west was balanced with the sharp pickle and the rich swiss cheese, and the chicken gumbo soup was comfort in a bowl. overall, i'm a big fan and i will for sure be back to study, to chill, or honestly whenever cause its just that type of unforgettable joint!my 1st time ever here! the neighborhood is rough. but the owner phil welcomed me. i welcome it. in fact try the chai and the ham master jay sandwich. so good! i'll definitely be coming back!kusanya is a hidden gem! the staff are welcoming, food is yummy & atmosphere is superb. we ordered the \"bernie mac & cheese\" sandwich with an old fashion + chocolate donut. all of our food was rich in flavor and tasted fresh. there's a lending library & they host community events. this is a cool addition to the neighborhood, i'll be back for sure.i love their coffee and sandwiches. \u00a0i work up an appetite when i roll dice with the guys on 71st and halstead.first let me start with the decor and ambiance of this place. it's so rustic! nice & cozy. something \u00a0that is well needed in englewood. you walk in to a warm, genuine greeting! nice, neo-soul music playing .... real dope! now the food...i ordered the chicken funkadelic wrap. it was really tasty. my only complaint was that it was a bit messy.... when you bite into it- sauce squirts out the wrap so i needed a lot of napkins! \u00a0 i ended up needing a knife and fork. i would recommend that they use less sauce on the sandwich. \u00a0i paired it with a fruit smoothie that was delicious! \u00a0the customer service was truly refreshing. \u00a0i would definently return to try their breakfast....the owner is awesome and makes sure that everything in the restaurant is sustained from the community around it, from the employees to the art to the food. staff was very friendly. food takes about 10 minutes to come, but all the sandwiches are very excellent. can't go wrong. no wait at 11:30 on a weekday, before lunch rushnice cozy spot, great for a cup of coffee, the staff is super friendly and best part is very community- drivenhip little non-profit cafe in englewood, doing great things for the community. staff was extremely friendly and engaging. great decor, food that's good & reasonable. we got the lupe tabasco & a large coffee but fyi a large coffee is very large, basically a bowl lol, but there's nothing wrong with that!my daughter bought a pack of your ethiopian coffee for me yesterday. \u00a0it was so good that i read the menu, looked at the photos and now i'm hungry for their breakfast and lunch. \u00a0i will be there next weeki love everything about this place-- the food, the drinks, the staff, the style, the way the cafe strives to support its community... everything. delicious food and coffee drinks for less than you'll find them at other cafes, and the atmosphere is very relaxed and cozy. highly recommend!an oasis in a desert. do as i did and stop in and enjoy every bit of it. the food the coffee the ambiance. you won't walk away disappointed.i love the comfy coffeehouse ambiance, the friendly cute guy behind the counter, that it is in englewood, and the fact that it is community owned and run! they serve pretty much the gamut of coffee and tea offerings, as well as some unique breakfast items \u00a0(baked oatmeal, paninis, house-made granola), fruit smoothies, sandwiches, soups, salads, and baked goods. sandwiches \u00a0haves cutesy/kitschy names like mozz def, tuna turner, bernie mac & cheese, etc. the chicken funkadelic panini is delish and worthy of an encore! the blueberry muffin was moist, flavorful, and full of love. the chicken noodle soup will be remembered fondly until it is in season again.kusanya apparently means \"to meet, or gather\" in swahili, and kusanya cafe is providing a place for its patrons to do just that!ok so i live a few blocks from this cafe and every time i pass by i make a note to check it out. well, i finally made it and it was well worth the wait. the food is fantastic. i got the special: rasta jerk chicken wrap and it was great. it's got a well-needed kick. i also got a lemonade and some cookies and they hit the spot. the atmosphere is inviting and the service is fantastic. stop in, grab a sandwich, and chat with the employees. i will definitely be back to some of the community events they host!a wonderful place. \u00a0friendly people, great service, yummy yogurt parfait, excellent tea & coffee...and a 501(c)(3) nonprofit to boot!there is no cafe that has done more for their community than kusanya. everything they do is above and beyond par, and done with love. a gem of an establishment. well worth the trip. go check them out, you'll be glad you did.one of my favorite spots in all of englewood! great coffee and even greater mission. \u00a0go and check them out!i am so glad i finally made it to this place! i tried a few different things: the chicken funkadelic sandwich, a lemonade and a peanut butter cookie. all were flavorful and incredibly affordable. i even got a bag of ground kusanya coffee to go! on top of all that, the staff was friendly and welcoming. i'm proud to have a place like this in my community. you should definitely check it out if you can.great food and atmosphere. clean restaurant upbeat employees. parking available. live/ radio music.i really liked the decor, the art work, and the build out with exposed brick of this place. it's great that they located in englewood, this space is needed there. ilike the pay it forward. as a vegan the menu was a challenge for me. my hot chocolate with soy milk was great though. free wifi, great space to get a little work done. it they had more vegan options i would increase the stars.nice little gem on the southside. really enjoy coming in here. the atmosphere is always welcoming and the sandwiches are good and the coffee is amazing. i never get a headache from drinking their cafe like that prestitution starbucks. \u00a0looking forward to our next visit.the warmest welcome i've ever had visiting a restaurant the food and the service was outstanding i couldn't ask for a better experience. this is totally a hitting gym in the middle of englewood. you totally escaped the surroundings once you're inside very lovely place :-)i love it here. the ambiance is dope and the people are extremely accommodating. i haven't any complaints. i've eaten here once (funkadelic chicken sandwich) and it was tasty. i also ordered a peanut butter cookie which was just okay. i highly recommend it as a place to visit. whether alone to chill, to study, or with a group of friends/colleagues.i found a gem in englewood. i love everything about this cafe. it's so cozy, the people are welcoming, the artistic atmosphere is attractive and it's such a great gathering place. i had an opportunity to have a very short conversation with i'm assuming one of the stakeholders or operators (who ever he is) but i learned that the cafe is a nonprofit organization and has no one person as the owner but the people of englewood are owners. love it. i'm a fan.  kusanya cafethis is an amazing spot to eat breakfast or lunch in englewood. i have been working in this community for 4 years and my co workers and i always come here first. most of the other food options are fast food and this place gives us an opportunity to eat fresh food. i love support local businesses! the staff are always friendly and it has a homey feel. the food is simple and good. awesome sandwich options and the prices are reasonable.the mocha that smoothed down my throat today was maybe the best coffee i have ever had, apart from a cup served to me in an ethiopian home a few years ago. coffee: a+ambience: a+customer service: a+and bonus points for loving the englewood neighborhood!i am headed back tomorrow.on tuesday i saw on facebook that a new coffee shop was opening in englewood. \u00a0yay. \u00a0 i shared the info with friends. \u00a0saturday morning i hopped on a southbound redline to 69th. \u00a0while waiting for a westbound #67 bus i chatted with fellow commuters about how much faster the redline is running since the track improvements.i knew the cafe was in the next block when i jumped off at halsted and 69th. \u00a0instinctively i checked out the north side of the street for 825 w. \u00a0typical northsider mistake because on the south side odd numbers are on the south side of the street. \u00a0it's a lovely corner location with exposed brick walls and lots of big windows.there were a lot of people for 2 pm on a saturday afternoon. \u00a0a fellow patron approached me as i stepped up to place my order and \"paid me forward $2.\" a very friendly ice breaker option. \u00a0of course i waited for the next person to pay them forward $2 as well. \u00a0i chose a hearty bowl of corn chowder because i was starving so i will have to check out the lattes next time i visit. \u00a0i told a friend that one of the sandwich options is a \"tuna turner.\" \u00a0he laughed and suggested that they should offer an \"ike tea\" to go with it.nice place. \u00a0nice people. \u00a0happy to have a landing place when i'm visiting englewood.very nice and lively. \u00a0enjoyed the artistic touch.nice conference work table in the back.this is a great place to have a cup of coffee and read or study. it has a very homey vibe and the baristas are very welcoming. it's a great place to study with outlets on the couch and free wifi! their coffee is great! i got a chai tea latte with a shot of espresso and it was really good! i would definitely come back here and make it my go to study spots. they have a small selection of breakfast and lunch as well as pastries which make them an all around cafe. their prices are very reasonable.a coffee oasis in a desert of starbucks and dunkin donuts! mellow and welcoming vibe, industrial decor, great place to relax with a latte. took the recommendation of another yelper and was not disappointed: the mos def sandwich was super yummy. also, appreciated the books for kids on he bookshelf so our 5 and 3 year old could be occupied while we enjoyed the excellent latte. thank you!an englewood gem! outstanding service and great ambiance. i've tried almost all of the hot drinks and all were great. great prices and way better drinks than starbucks (which i do patronize often). fresh pastries and breakfast sandwiches served as well. cold pressed juices were phenomenal. if you're in the neighborhood you must stop by, or make a special trip and see for yourself.nice addition to neighborhood. coffees have great flavor- smooth without bitter aftertaste. they also have smoothies, sandwiches, salads and breakfast options. they also have yoga on monday evenings and host a variety of other community events including poetry readings, storytelling and music performances. love the pay it forward option.love this little cafe. \u00a0sandwiches are delicious, i will be visiting here on a regular basis. \u00a0only issue is there is only street parking and there are no other options besides sandwiches and wraps. \u00a0the day old donuts are even delicious. \u00a0glad to see a black owned business in this neighborhood that's not rundown or a liquor storei appreciate this place for being bold enough to be located in such community!! i did a counseling session here, that's how nice it is! i'll be back!;)this was one of the best tomato basil mozzarella sandwiches i have eaten in a long while. crisp bread, great balsamic vinegar dressing and fresh ingredients. my latte was also excellent - wonderfully made with very flavorful coffee. will be back again!awesome decor and comfortable feel! food service is extremely slow! super slow... smh... i guess thats why they have the books... speed up the food and its a five star for me!! oh food and drinks are good!my co-workers ordered from here a couple of times and i'm always impress. the sandwiches and soup are great! is a really nice place to have close to work. the prices are fair also. \u00a0i plan to stop there one day for a donut at breakfast time.wow, so good. \u00a0this place has great bbq chicken sandwich, fresh squeezed orange juice, and is a non profit.great place to eat and hang out! i had the barbecue chicken salad sandwich, i know sounds weird right? it was delicious! great atmosphere and it isn't simply an escape from the surround neighborhood but celebrates all that's good in the hood.what a nice place!!!!! everything i tried was really good.loooooved the baked oatmeal.you know they put in effort.their food and service reflects that.i wish them much success.i'll definetely return.wish there was a cafe like this by my house!!!! lolthis is a really nice cafe with a great vibe. the overall ambiance was great with the music in the background and the artistic look to the place with the seating. a variety of coffee, teas, and also some sandwiches, including french toast. i had the french toast which was delicious and the oj was freshly squeezed and just as delicious! quality service.i just can't find a better americano anywhere in the city. locally brewed in englewood. \u00a0the pay it forward for $2 is a beautiful system for paying for a strangers coffee that comes in after you. make sure you do that!the new local gem of englewood!! the iced chai was delicious! perfect balance of tea & milk. also yummy is the broccoli cheddar soup!! really a must!! the friendly service & relaxed ambiance, along with the healthy & trendy meal options will keep you going back for more!!!this is a great place. you can tell the owner really cares and isn't just trying to make money. their donuts are awesome and the green tea (raspberry green) is delicious. great music always playing and the baristas are friendly and welcoming. warm place with quality food and drink and good service. the owner came up with a pay it forward option. you can add a buck or two to your bill and then the next person that comes in gets a free drink. so cool to sit by the register and watch people be generous and other people receive!what a great place! they're owned by a non-profit organization and make the most delicious coffee. \u00a0i tried their iced decaf fully expecting the usual crap coffee that is decaf. \u00a0i had to ask twice if it was decaf because it was so delicious. \u00a0they use the espresso machine for decaf and it great addition. \u00a0the staff is super friendly and their day old donuts are cheaper but still amazing. i scarfed them down in a very unladylike fashion.the place was very quiet during my visit from about 2-6 and was perfect for me who just wanted a cafe to hang out and relax. since i was there for so long i ended up buying a large mocha, the bernie mac and cheese, the ham master and another large pineapple and mango smoothie. i usually don't like cold drinks much but the smoothie was really good and flavorful. the staff were very nice and left me to my own devices without leaving any hints that i had overstayed my welcome. the food was good and the place was clean and peaceful. i wish i stayed around the area because i would definitely make this my regular cafe if i did.i love local small businesses. \u00a0especially ones that are on the south side. \u00a0so today i woke up and my throat felt all closed up where i was having trouble swallowing. \u00a0i already work from home, so going to a coffee shop is no big deal in order to break of the monotony. \u00a0anyways, i could have gone to starbucks, but i already had this place bookmarked, and i had the time, so i packed up and headed over there. \u00a0 this was around 7:30 am, so it wasn't too crowded. \u00a0i stayed about 2 hours working, but i also i wanna talk about the food. \u00a0well, i don't really drink coffee often, so i have no idea what to order. \u00a0but i did want some tea and i got a really big cup of green tea with honey in it. \u00a0and to tell the truth, my throat did start to open up when i left. \u00a0i also ended up getting some grits. \u00a0now grits aren't usually the type of food you find in a coffee shop, but given the reviews of this place, i had to try them out, and my grits were really good. \u00a0i had bacon and cheese in mine, and they really hit the spot. \u00a0 prices are very good here as well. \u00a0my tea was only about $2 and my big bowl of cheesy bacon grits were like $3. \u00a0they also had donuts for like $1 each and day old donuts which were 2 for $1. \u00a0there were assorted muffins and sandwiches available as well. \u00a0also, this coffee shop is really nice looking. \u00a0but not in a starbucks type of way. \u00a0it's the type of vintage looking shop you'd expect to see up north or on the near west side. \u00a0i read it's a non-profit owner as well. \u00a0anyways, this won't be my last visit, as i plan to come back and try some other items on the menu.the service is warm, friendly and aims to please. the drink items are refreshing (my favorite is the dirty chai, which is house-made and mixed with a shot of espresso.) i also like the lemonade because it's fresh squeezed from real lemons. i am very glad this place is in my neighborhood. the people of englewood deserve a place where they can have good food and high quality service. the owner is intent on providing good service to any who comes in and it shows. yay, kusanya!so excited about kusanya! incredibly affordable and homey. yumscious fare and pleasant staff.free wifi, great homemade yogurt, excellent coffee and even better service!! kusanya is a real jewel in this community!!i like that this place exists and i truly hope that they thrive in this location. they serve bridgeport coffee and all the menu items are available all day. they have pastries and \u00a0sandwiches and a few other items. i decided on a coffee and a slice of chocolate cake. \u00a0phil was very nice (and \u00a0easy on the eyes if i do say so myself). it's just a cool place to sit and have coffee and maybe read the newspaper, whatever your fancy. \u00a0i plan to frequent it more once my schedule permits.this place is truly an oasis...creative, delicious, well-priced food with amazing staff, too! \u00a0i highly recommend it :)this place is dope!! great space, music, and decor, & apparently they have community yoga here too?? the staff people were all super nice. and their food is poppin too, i had the \"chicken funkadelic\" sandwich and the potato bacon soup and they were so good. bless u kusanya cafe. i'll definitely be back.after passing by this place several times i finally decided to stop in and wow! \u00a0i'm hooked for life. \u00a0on my first visit, i tried the ice mocha and lupe tabasco - hooked. \u00a0second visit a regular coffee and another lupe tobasco. \u00a0third visit, coffee and donut. \u00a0this is my morning spot from now on. \u00a0they even take phone orders so you can run in, get your grub, and keep it moving. \u00a0i'm so happy to see that the owners decided to locate their cafe here. \u00a0from the cars i see parked along the street, and the number of hipsters and police sipping lattes and eating oatmeal in the morning, i'm pretty sure they'll be around for many years to come.great coffee!!! a welcome treasure to....the gd motherland?! who would have thought?awesome decorum good prices and they are very kind. \u00a0their ingredients are fresh and delicious.i was at a meeting in englewood where sandwiches and salad were served. i almost didn't eat any, but the meeting dragged on. wow! where did these sandwiches come from? this is so far above the normal meeting fare that i ate more. i was delighted to learn they came from a restaurant in englewood. i tried the tomato basil mozzarella sandwich, bbq chicken salad sandwich, and a great salad with pecans and goat cheese. i will be ordering from kusanya whenever i can.what an oasis. such a positive space. delicious sandwiches. and try the homemade granola.great place! loved the vibe and menu options. definitely check it out!my friend and i came here for lunch on a friday. i have been to medici many many times as it's a classic for students at the university - it's located just two blocks from the main campus.i ordered the fresh mozz sandwich and cream of mushroom and spinach soup from their specials menu. the sandwich comes with a choice of thin-cut fries, potato chips, coleslaw, or potato salad, so i went with the coleslaw. they are very generous with their sides - you can tell from the photo how ginormous the portion of coleslaw is compared to the sandwich. i ended up having to take half the sandwich and some of coleslaw to-go - big portions means more leftovers!anyway, it's a great place for some hearty food. i advise against the sandwiches made with baguettes since my experience with the baguettes have been that they are always too hard/crunchy. popular at this establishment are their pizzas and milkshakes. i always come out feeling stuffed - so if you're looking for something light to eat perhaps the med is not for you.i think the cheese burgers are 10 out of 10! my whole family enjoyed our dinners! we're taking what's left home. that's how good it is! and graffiti on the table and walls and booths is allowed!- leif, age 7the space is really nice. the girl at the front desk really wasn't all that welcoming. we got a table upstairs which also has a patio for nice days. it's cozy upstairs. me and my cousin shared a barbecue pizza and a garbage burger. the pizza looked really good but could have used more barbecue sauce and seasoning, it was lacking flavor but it was better than the burger even though it was a little dry. the garbage burger came with pickles even though i said no pickles. i'm not sure what kind of bun they used but it was stiff and cold, i ended up eating the burger with the lettuce instead of he bread. again the burger didn't have any flavor so this place was definitely underwhelming.i can't believe i haven't written a review about my beloved bakery! i have been going here since middle school. back then i fell in love with their chocolate croissants and they're still yummy to this day. i really enjoy their coffee (hot and iced), and the americanos. i also appreciate that they offer soy milk at no extra charge. best of all of you buy 10 coffees and bring in the sleeves you get a free drink. sitting is limited unless it's summer when they have outdoor seating.fell in love after we ordered some pizza from here for a group event. decided to come to the actual location and wasn't disappointed either! definitely a good place to check out if you're in hyde park.they have a smaller take-out only cafe-type location that is just a few doors down from the restaurant. i love the super rustic feel of the place. they have these wooden booths and exposed brick walls which both gave a very loft-like cozy feel to the restaurant. really gives the place a nice charm, which really matters to me! there are a lot of families here and students as well which gives the place a nice buzz. i dislike going into a super empty restaurant. for two, we ordered a calamari appetizer and two personal sized pizzas, which was just enough food. i absolutely love their margherita pizza. we also got the roasted veggie pizza which was pretty delicious as well. i've also tried the bbq chicken pizza and the garbage pizza and those are yummy too! i'm not a big fan of goat cheese, but my friends have told me they like that one too. basically, you can't really go wrong with the pizza here. the bathroom situation is confusing! it's one door that leads to another room with a sink and separate men and ladies rooms on the side. i was hesitant to walk in out of fear that i would be walking in on someone or going into the wrong one but do not worry!ugh. i so don't like the med. people love to say it's a hyde park institution, but honestly, the food is so mediocre. i will say the med deli is pretty good for a quick sandwich to and from campus, but the sit-down options at the med are just so bleh. the grilled cheese, the quesadillas, pizza, etc. are just fine, and they end up being kind of expensive with tip and tax (easily a $15 meal.) i always say i'd rather spend the extra few dollars and get some pasta/pizza from nella. the milkshakes are good though, if you want a sugar bomb to treat yourself, and the patio upstairs in the summer is really a nice space.from walking in the door to when i got up from the booth to leave, i think i \u00a0must have aged 2 years. for an off night, i am not sure why the wait was close to 30-40 minutes for a party of 2. what is most frustrating is that we were quoted 15-20 minute wait. their patio and balcony seating were not open that night.even after being seated, we waited for 20 minutes before our waiter even came by our table at all. when he did make his first appearance, he had the exaggerated brow-wiping-looking-super-tired-from-how-busy-it-is thing going, which frankly made it slightly more irritating since now we were almost an hour committed at this place and i was only able to sip on some water. i had heard that the thin crust pizzas were awesome, and not being a fan of the chicago deep dish, i figured i would try the roasted veggies thin crust in personal pizza size. my sister got the smoky joe sandwich with fries. i will say that the portions are generous and i liked the shoe string fries on my sister's dish (but i guess who wouldn't). otherwise, i was super disappointed that my pizza was not thin crust at all, in fact, it was super bready and felt fairly flavorless. being fed up with our dinner experience, we went next door to their bakery to see if maybe grabbing a pastry after could salvage our impression of medici and of course since the whole dining experience took so long, they were sold out of most things in their case, so we left empty handed.we were working at 57th st art festival last sat & sun. i found here at deliciousness medici coffeehouse and bakery and got dirty spicy chai coffee, spinach and feta pastries, apple pastries, cinnamon rolls, chocolate chips pastries. all pastries were so yummy and rich tastes.big chunks of apples, spinach & feta cheese pastries so delicious and all pastries are good size. dirty spicy chai was tasty too. it was so helpful place to get any meals and close by our booth. i used restroom too. thanks i will try some more next visit!nice place for saturday brunch near the museum of science and industry and u chicago. choose either from the walk up bakery or the sit down restaurant next door. brunch options that we tried included the smoked salmon omelet, breakfast burrito and the huevos rancheros. service was great . walked to the bakery next door and it looked great as well.came here for lunch on a saturday and were seated immediately. i ordered a cajun chicken pita sandwich, which was decent. i asked for potato salad as my side though and was given fries instead. the waitress quickly corrected the error and brought potato salad.overall, not much to say about this place. the food was average and the service was good. not really 5 star-worthy but nothing bad about the place eitheri want to like this place - working nearby it would be lovely to have great food here. \u00a0it's just uninspired, boring and without much life. \u00a0the vibe is great, i love in interior, staff is attentive and friendly. \u00a0maybe i am too much of a food snob - i'll admit that i am fairly harsh because i don't like going out to eat food that i could do a better job making at home, which is exactly how this felt. \u00a0on two occasions i ate here and neither meal was something i felt good paying for (tuna overcooked and dry, italian sandwich was ok at best). i'm sorry guys i know there is plenty of love from the students at uchicago and it seems like you are an institution, just was not for me.for sentimental reasons its definitely 4 stars and for its pastries. . . . but the food is just mediocre. this spot used to be a couple blocks down the road and was relocated to a much bigger venue. my dad came here with my mom while he was studying in college and living in chicago back in the 70's. i think he also took some of his students here when he was later a teacher. so it was a favorite spot. still charming as he had told us about it. for brunch i would definitely go the pastries or sweeter route instead of ordering eggs. the eggs benedict my dad ordered he said was just fine and well cooked. my smoked salmon omelette was pretty lack-luster. not a lot of cream cheese inside and raw onions and tomatoes. the eggs were kind of stiff and just didn't hold any fluff or flavor. the salmon wasn't too fresh and appealing. though, it did come with a potato hash on the side. kind of like scalloped potatoes that were super crispy. those were fantastic. also, the hard bagel i took to go and provided much happiness way later in the night. my brother's chocolate chip pancakes looked like heaven. we did however order a cinnamon roll to split and that was bomb. so good. still warm and gooey. it was everything. before we left we went next door to the take-out section for pastries and sandwiches and we ordered a bunch of stuff for a party. the fruit tarts, mini apple and pecan pies were a huge hit and tasted great. definitely stick to ordering all of their pastries. additional tip, i believe they are byob. it's advertised on the door even though i noticed brunch cocktails on the menu. maybe that's for lunch and dinner. they also have an outdoor upper terrace where my sister said she hung out once and had pizza and brought in her own wine to share with whoever the hell she was hanging out with (i'm going to assume some relative). thanks medici for staying open so many years though and i'm glad i got to experience something my parents were regulars at over 40 years ago.wow, this place is still goin' strong after all these years, just like me (on a good day).i hung out at the medici when i was a very young hippie chick. \u00a0we were either in old town or hyde park, cuz that's where hippies went. \u00a0to be with other hippies. \u00a0cuz nobody else liked us. \u00a0but we really liked each other. like we had a choice. \u00a0peace & love meant you liked everybody. \u00a0trippy.the medici reminded me of the sink in boulder, co, with all the carvings on tabletops & names/drawings on the walls. \u00a0we hippies were a creative bunch & we liked to leave our markings wherever we went. \u00a0kinda like dogs, but we had more hair.at the medici we drank coffee while having meaningful, heated conversations about political stuff. \u00a0oops...maybe nothing has changed.i didn't much like coffee then, but i drank it to be cool & to appear older. \u00a0i do remember eating medici food but not a lot. \u00a0hippies were skinny, didn't eat much due to no bread (money). no wonder our threads (clothes) were baggy.in co i recall we foraged for berries & edible green crap, and i remember eating macrobiotic birthday cake in boulder that tasted like sawdust.gifts for that cat's b-day consisted of fresh-picked field flowers or poems, because....no bread to buy anything.but back to chicago: \u00a0way back when, i thought of the medici as mainly a coffee house, not really a restaurant. there were no chain coffee shops back then - this is what a coffee shop was, often connected to a bookstore. hippies rapped (talked) a lot, read books & didn't eat.....wait....the current starbucks scene comes to mind.....far out, mani groove on small, independent businesses that stick around for 60+ years. \u00a0hangin' loose at the medici. \u00a0righteous. \u00a0outta sight. \u00a0can ya dig it?gotta split now.latermy fiancee and i love the food here, and hired medici to cater our wedding. without any explanation, less than two months before our wedding, they stopped responding to our emails and phone calls. now we're scrambling to find another caterer on very short notice. don't rely on medici to cater your special event-- you'll only end up wasting tons of time and adding unnecessary stress. this was a shameful way to treat a loyal customer.went with friends for dinner and had garbage, pan pizza for the 2nd time; it was very good warm--thick but good bread and lots of ingredients. the pepperoni was different & crispy good! they now have drinks! got a pretty good paloma that was a bit bitter from the grapefruit, but i balanced it out with lime and salt on the (b)rim. chill place for family or friends with great service--thoughtful but not too overbearing.while i enjoyed the food and atmosphere of medici i was put off by the price point. for my garbage burger aka a burger, cheddar, caramelized onions, bacon, and bbq sauce on a brioche bun with a side the cost was $17. what?! at 5 guys i can pay $8 for the double patty with the same amount of meat and toppings. the side options are cole slaw, potato salad, chips, or french fries. the cole slaw i got on the side was quite good, the cabbage was crisp and the dressing was not too mayonnaise-y and not too sweet, a surprisingly great cole slaw. the brioche bun is from the bakery portion of the restaurant, airy and light though not super buttery.my friend and i ordered inside at the cafe and then sat outside to wait for our food. it was our first time here and we got somewhat confused by the cafe vs restaurant portion of the establishment. from my understanding, the cafe serves at least partially the same food as the restaurant, but all to-go. our burgers were ready about ten minutes after ordering and the actual packaging of the to-go orders is quite effective, i wouldn't be concerned about carrying something from here to a class or form a twenty minute walk away. the outside eating area is quite nice, there are about eight tables of two and four tops surrounded by foliage.i stopped in on a saturday and although it was really busy, i was seated immediately and was served. i had a sandwich and my friend ordered a milkshake, which she really raved about. i think i would try this place again, they appeared to have a really good menu and i would like to try one of their pizzas.i really enjoyed this restaurant. \u00a0it's a great breakfast and lunch joint near the university campus. \u00a0it's got a total college vibe but i also saw a lot of locals.the garbage pizza was excellent, their sunday brunch eggs were fantastic. \u00a0the eggs weren't greasy, the bacon was good quality, even the potatoes had great flavor, i was impressed. \u00a0service was friendly but it was a little hectic. \u00a0our food did come quickly though. \u00a0a memorable breakfast/lunch spot.standard quality cafe in any college town. the garbage burger is a little bit messy and very soggy.after 2 years of my best friend telling me that this was her favorite pizza spot, i finally tried it with her! \u00a0when you go in, there's upstairs and downstairs. we sat downstairs in the wooden booths, which were super cozy! we took a while to decide what to order since i wanted to look over everything, so i'm really grateful for how patient the servers were!we ordered the 57th street salad and the personal sized garbage pizza. the salad include prosciutto, dried cranberries, romaine, with jalapeno orange dressing. we substituted the feta for mozzarella and took out the red onions. it sounds so simple, but it was so refreshing and made for a really nice appetizer. the dried cranberries and prosciutto made an excellent combination. i can't eat anything too spicy so i was a little nervous about the jalapeno being in the dressing, however it delivers just a slight kick that still made it enjoyable. \u00a0the garbage pizza comes with a whole bunch of meat. had to have the peppers and onions removed since i can't have them, but it didn't lack in flavor. the different types of meat also brought different textures, which was pleasant. we couldn't even finish the pizza, guess we had had too much bread prior. (they give you bread and butter before you even order!)i hate being the person that is so picky asking for things to be taken out or for substitutions, but it's dietary so i gotta! our server was really patient, reading over our order to make sure they got everything. they even made jokes with us about it, which made me feel a little less bad about making so many different requests. i thought my friend had overhyped this place, but i was really impressed and appreciated my time here. i can't wait to come back!!been here couple times. it's a small place with limited seating famous amongst the uc crowd out of a need for a caf\u00e9 or just sentimental reasons. lines are long during peak hours but you can find a place to sit otherwise. i have seen delicious looking pastries but the only thing i've tried here is their coffee and mexican hot chocolate which was awesome. menu looks good, willing to try their breakfast sometime. for the neighborhood, i personally love hyde park. it has its own charm and feels distant from chicago in some aspects. you would have to spend some time looking for parking though since it's a busy stretch. overall, cute.this place near the university of chicago campus is a great lunch spot. the burgers are awesome. they have a fairly extensive menu. nice service and a pretty cool atmosphere as well.went to grab a late lunch here after spending the day at the museum of science and industry. there wasn't a long wait around 5 pm on a saturday as we were seated right away. the staff was friendly and the food was good and way cheaper than the museum cafeteria. the portion size was large as well.\"people let me tell you about the best place!\"parking is a bit hard but you will always get a lucky park in the front. let's start by saying there's a rooftop! oh. even better?! byob. i usually get the pizza it's great i absolutely love this place and the customer service. they even have an ice cream shop/bakery next door. wonderful place to go with friends during summertime chi!i've been coming here since i was a little kid and not much has changed except maybe more graffiti on the tables and walls. neat atmosphere and there's a good mix between locals and college kids. the menu is straight forward with nothing too unusual. they are connected to their bakery and all of the bread is homemade. if you get a chance, check out their cinnamon rolls!went mid-day on sunday. everything went well. love the thin crust spinach, goat cheese pizza.updated review: \u00a0 \u00a0 not much has changed with medici over the years, it's still hangover food that's right up your alley if you're a nearby student with a forgivable palate. \u00a0 \u00a0nestled in the heart of chicago's liberal hyde park, we dined here last night with renewed expectations, nothing new happened. \u00a0 non-diverse wait staff were accommodating, but the goat cheese pizza was forgettable, so was the grilled tuna thingee. \u00a0 nice place to chill and converse, just don't expect great tasting food.i live close by medici and am a repeat customer. it's one of hyde park's best breakfast spots, as you'll see by the lines if you go during peak times. despite being frequently busy, the service is always good, and the food usually comes out quickly. i always get the vegetable omelet and it's nothing revolutionary, just a good veggie omelet. the bread is made in-house and is delicious (all the baked goods i've ever tried are great). i've only ever had one bad meal here, and it was the salmon omelet. i will never order salmon from this place again, but everything else has been really good.i have eaten from the medici many times!!! this past saturday i ordered a thin crust family size garbage pizza and a himbersaft (sp) lemonade and had it delivered to my house. my delivery guys name was aurelio. he was warm, nice and professional. all of my children bumrushed the door and he was very warm and not pretentious with my children. keepauerelio!! he is a great addition to your staff! i had a great experience with him!!! the bell pepper on my garbage pizza wasn't cooked well enough for me. maybe if you guys saut\u00e9 it lightly first then add it to the pizza like 5 mins before it's done. the crust was freaking amazing! i mean stellar!!!!!! my lemonade was delicious too! of course i will be back!! tell aurelio the lady who told him that she was going to yelp about his top notch service said hi!!!!the food and service here is good. nothing amazing, but it's one of the few places in hyde park where you can go out to eat with friends. it's usually crowded and doesn't take reservations, which can be annoying. but, the wait usually isn't long in any case. some comments on the food. the chili cheese fries are very good. the deep dish pizza with sun dried tomato and goat cheese is also tasty (although a bit oily). i'd skip the garbage burger though.quoting my niece \"worst pizza ever!\" resident of kenwood area for 18 years and have visited medici over the years. the quality of the pizza has gone down. i thought i would give it another chance. i gambled and lost. undercooked. asked to have it sent back and it was returned burnt at the top and still undercooked at the bottom. how does a place mess up a simple pepperoni pizza?!?! \u00a0why would you serve a burnt pizza?!?! never again. plenty of other restaurants who take pride in their food, their service, and know how to properly cook/make a pizza.an amazing menu and even more amazing food! the hummus was delicious and came with very fresh veggies and warm pita. i strongly recommend giving it a try. \u00a0my chicken salad croissant was the perfect blend of flavors and made fresh. the staff was very polite and attentive, my water glass was never empty! this is a place i would love to frequent.i had the literal worst chai latte of my entire life here last night. it was $4 and terrible. don't know why they think it's ok to serve such a bad drink. it was completely flavorless. it always upsets me when a place with a lot of business and experience is majorly lacking in areas-- especially when it's listed prominently on the menu! true north next store has way better drinks. been coming here my whole life and feel like it has gone downhill over the years. the sandwiches are great but everything else is sub par. it used to be my fav pizza ever but it's not what it used to bebaby friendly: 5 starskid friendly: 5 starswe eat here all the time (sometimes in the restaurant, sometimes at the bakery, sometimes take out). \u00a0we have tried most of the menu, and have come from brunch on the weekends early in the morning and later on, as well as weekday lunch, and weekday and weekend dinners. \u00a0it's busiest for brunch or lunch! \u00a0but they're always friendly and helpful.we love sitting on the patio upstairs. \u00a0it's really pretty! \u00a0we'll also sit on the patio in front of the bakery, because we can pull the stroller right up to the table easily.this place is very kid friendly. they have high chairs. \u00a0they let us bring our stroller upstairs to put on the patio with us, and also offered to let us keep it downstairs. this is super helpful. they were friendly to the baby. there were other tables with young children, and they all seemed happy and well treated. \u00a0there is a kids menu, and the kids we've come with enjoyed the kids food. \u00a0the handicap bathroom is big, has a sink and a koala care changing table in it. so either parent could change the baby's diaper! my favorite items are their breakfast foods, sandwiches, salads, and any baked goods. \u00a0my frequent orders:lemonade or strawberry or raspberry lemonade. \u00a0i love lemonade, and theirs is my favorite lemonade from anywhere. \u00a0it's frozen, so it's slushy like. \u00a0it's the perfect lemonade in every way.veggie omelet. \u00a0this is a great omelet, and it's packed full of veggies. \u00a0the potatoes that come with it are great. \u00a0i always get cinnamon raisin toast, it's fantastic. \u00a0sometimes i get a side of chicken sausages, they're great too.moroccan ragout. \u00a0this is kind of like a spicy lentil chili. \u00a0it's delicious, and very likely vegan. \u00a0it comes with pita bread and cucumber yogurt sauce. \u00a0it's not very big, but it's very tasty!house salad with balsamic pesto vinaigrette. \u00a0this is the best salad dressing in the world. \u00a0the house salad is fairly plain, but it's big and i love that dressing! \u00a0i frequently get this and the moroccan ragout.grilled cajun pita. \u00a0this is a wrap on a pita. \u00a0the grilled chicken is great. \u00a0the cucumber yogurt is great. \u00a0what's not to like? \u00a0it comes with fries.grilled chicken skewers. \u00a0the skewers and rice are very tasty. \u00a0there's not a lot of food, but it's all good.cajun turkey sandwich. \u00a0the medici bakes their own bread, and they make amazing bread. \u00a0that's what makes all of their sandwiches so good. \u00a0this is my favorite of their sandwiches.croissants. \u00a0they're all amazing. \u00a0my favorites are the chocolate and almond ones. \u00a0my coworkers love the ham & cheese.apple pie. \u00a0it's amazing.cinnamon raisin bread loafthings i don't like from medici:pizza, bbq chicken, fettuccine alfredo, fries (to be fair the fries aren't bad. \u00a0they're just plain, and not interesting. \u00a0they're kinda like burger king fries. \u00a0whereas i like mcdonald's fries).long time i've eaten food from medici but never ordered on my own. it's great! the food is not why the rating is low. the service was. i ordered over the phone a napoli sub-very delicious, fresh- is listed online as served with my choice of several sides, with fries being the default. i was not given fries with my sub. i go back and am told \"only if you ask\". okay, cool, i'm asking now, while i'm still in the store. fries are 1.29 as a side with the sandwich, yet 2.99, over 3$ as an individual side. i was told they would \"have to\" charge me the full 3$, even though i just bought a sub and the appropriate measure is to just do a price adjustment. and the team members i spoke with seemed to not care that i was clearly dissatisfied with my experience, and were very dismissive, telling me to \"move\" so other customers could order since i \"wasn't willing to pay\" for the fries. ridiculous, seeing as i would not have asked for the fries if i didn't want to pay for them. i left upset and ate my delicious sub but that experience alone-first impressions are important- leaves me unwilling to ever spend money there again. tldr; great food, rude staffour family had lunch here when we visited chicago in july, 2018. \u00a0i had a version of a chicago dog, my kids had garbage burgers, and my husband had a fried chicken dish. \u00a0all of us enjoyed our food. \u00a0i especially liked the atmosphere at medici; it is a fun casual place.this place was part of my childhood, adolescence and even my adult years! \u00a0what started as hans morsbach's little coffee shop in the late 50s and has grown through a couple of relocations (that i know of - maybe they are on location #4 or more?) and is a staple of what was my hyde park experience of the 70s and 80s. \u00a0somehow the current incarnation has preserved enough of the vibe of the last place - further east on 57th - that it still feels familiar.they still make an awesome deep dish pizza! \u00a0they still make an amazing eggs benedict! \u00a0somehow, the notion of all you care to squeeze oj has even survived to this day.go check them out - anyone who grew up in the neighborhood will tell you the same thing - the med is a great place to eat, sit, chat, and generally unwind.impossible burger, delicious fries, and other vegan options. they also let you create your own pizza, thin crust or pan, with vegan cheese if you want. food came out very quickly.came for brunch and boy were they busy! this restaurant has a very homey feel and charm. their booths can be a bit snug so i prefer to sit at the tables. service here is excellent and the food comes out very quickly during brunch. the omelettes come with potatoes and choice of bread. it was one of the most filling brunches i've ever had and everything was delicious. the ingredients for the omelettes are not mixed with the eggs, but folded into the middle. they did not skimp at all and it was a super large omelette that i had difficulty finishing. the only downside to their brunch menu is that they lack a variety of menu options that pairs savory with sweet. you can get a single stack of pancakes but not sure it could apply to the specialty pancakes or french toast. for those who want a little sweet and a little savory, this menu is a bit limitation. for those who are no fuss and want more traditional, delicious brunch, this is the place to go!came here with my bf for the first time. service was friendly and all of our food came on time. we shared the salmon burger, goat cheese pizza, almond croissant, regular croissants and two teas. to be honest the croissants were the star of the meal. everything else just seemed a bit bland. the salmon burger tasted really under-seasoned, \u00a0and was just masked by the chipotle mayo. the pizza was cooked perfectly, but lacking the taste. if you like cheese you may love it. the goat cheese was good, but just seemed like it needed something. so three stars for the food not for the service. i would give the service a 4.5.the med is one of those restaurants that you never really go out of your way to go to, but it's there and convenient, especially for many uchicago students. \u00a0it's a popular meeting spot/catching up spot, and the bakery is great as an option for easy take out. \u00a0they also have outdoor seating so when the weather warms up, it's actually really nice to hang out with friends at the patio.the bakery portion of the med is great, minus the occasional long lines and the wait time for your drinks to be prepared. \u00a0it's even better knowing that if you come an hour before they close, they sell all baked goods 50% off. \u00a0i've tried multiple things from the med, and definitely, the fruit tart is one of my favorites (although i may be biased because i love fruits tarts of any form). \u00a0the fruits are made fresh, and often, they put a nice peach or apricot glaze over the tart. \u00a0the filling is the perfect amount of sweet and creamy and the crust is a little hard. \u00a0i actually had trouble breaking apart the fruit tart to share and the med bakery portion unfortunately does not have any harder utensils than flimsy plastic knives and forks so my friend and i spent maybe 5 minutes sawing away at the tart (which may be the only downfall). \u00a0but it's not as if the hardness takes away from the taste--i think it makes it taste better. \u00a0i just wish the med had less flimsy material to eat the fruit tarts with. \u00a0the shakes are another thing i highly recommend--especially, it is worth checking out what the special is as they change often (if you come around autumn, they have an amazing pumpkin pie shake that is to die for). \u00a0overall, the bakery of the med gets about 4/5 stars in my book.the reason as to why i give the med, overall, 3 stars is because of the restaurant portion. \u00a0 the food service can be slow at times, and the food is mediocre at best for the price your paying. \u00a0whereas i highly recommend the bakery portion, the restaurant portion isn't necessarily a \"must-go\". \u00a0while the portion sizes are decent and will fill you up, the quality is alright and nothing amazing or special about it. \u00a0the main attraction to the med is the shakes anyways and you can just get that at the bakery next door.i've been to medici four times. i want to like it. badly. but despite the hype, history, and heralded grilled cheese, it's barely three stars in my mind.first visit:the cafe side. grilled cheese sandwich. veeeeery greeeeasy. meh. second visit:dine in. super cool upstairs seating. loved the atmosphere. my vegetable soup though? blah. my boyfriend's lasagna didn't wow me either.third visit:takeout. salad with bleu cheese and pesto dressing. i felt really queasy afterward, and i'm not saying it was the food but... fourth visit:takeout. salad with bleu cheese and pesto dressing. guy at the register was an asshole who made me feel like shit for asking if the salad came with bread. it did. it tasted pretty good. but then i had to lie on the ground because my stomach cramped up. fifth visit:breakfast with friends. i got an okay omelette.medici on 57th: pretty dope hyde park landmark but disappointing foodie destinationwent here on a saturday for brunch with my best friend! i ordered the eggs benedict and she had the the breakfast #2. \u00a0my nest friend loved hers as i'm sure anyone who pours a half container of syrup would. (sigh) as for my benedict's, and i like to think of myself as a connoisseur of benedict's as it is my all time favorite breakfast/ brunch dish solely for the hollandaise sauce was cold. my sauce was cold and hand no taste whatsoever. the bacon was cold, the eggs were cold and the muffin was cold. in fact the only thing that was near hot was the potatoes which were delish by the way. overall i loved my meal i just wish it had come to my table hot and i also wish that my holly actually taste like hollandaise and not just bland tasteless yellow sauce to pour over my benedict. \u00a0verdict: i would return. just make it hot next time.i've eaten here quite a few times in the last 4 or 5 years and have never had a disappointing meal! their menu is diverse, with plenty of options, the service is fast and friendly, and the restaurant itself is lovely in appearance and ambiance (peep the occasionally turning statue high up there).i've eaten so many meals here, but i'll try to remember the very best items i've had. it's been years and i still think about the goat cheese dip in marinara sauce. we loved it so much - we were even dipping our fries in it by the end of the meal. the sandwich with cheese, arugula, and fig spread is also fantastic, though the bread is a bit tough. for breakfast, i love their eggs benedict, and definitely recommend that you ask for your potatoes crispy! this is a wonderful, family friendly restaurant with great service and a menu that could please anyone!place is amazing! i can tell why president obama loved it so. unique feel and atmosphere the moment you walk in. great vibes all around. food is plentiful. day time servers always recommend the best dishes! a great little secret to the hyde park community. it's definitely worth checking out!old neighborhood staple.. i grew up in hyde patk so i have been coming here off and on for years. the food is average.. it's mostly frequented by the locals and students from the nearby university. the pizzas are decent... today i had a blt with avocado nothing special, but hard to mess up too.we lived in hyde park for a decade and this was definitely one of our favorite local eateries. \"the med\" has a long history in hyde park. the atmosphere is very fun, with graffiti all over the walls and tables as well as some cool original art (including pieces by matisse and other renowned artists). the food is fairly standard american fair, but a couple of items are exceptional, especially their milk shakes. my favorites are the mocha and the banana nut fudge. they also have a great cobb salad and decent brunch options. in the summer, they open their second floor patio, which is one of the only quite outdoor seating areas in the neighborhood. just before we left, they also got their liquor license, and they now have a great selection of craft beers. we're missing having this restaurant as a nearby place to walk to now that we're no longer in the neighborhood.this by far is my favorite place to have breakfast while in chicago! their breakfast is amazing, i'll be dreaming about it from california. their muffins are so good, i don't even have words to describe how amazing they taste.i think former president obama ate here?this is a pretty decent cafe, with pretty typical cafe options - burgers, sandwiches and personal pizzas. \u00a0i really like the personal pizzas - the garbage pizza (i.e. the meat lovers pizza) is simple, tasty and packed with meat. \u00a0my wife had the spinach goat cheese pizza which was tasty too. \u00a0the pizzas take a little bit of time to make but the restaurant is all and all pretty efficient. \u00a0i also tried a smoky joe wrap - which was fine, but just.. not that exciting. \u00a0i would come here for the pizzas.the strawberry shake is the only thing i can review. \u00a0it is one of my favorite shakes. \u00a0i want to try the pastries specifically the spinach & feta but they are always sold out when i arrive.this breakfast was disgusting. i had scrambled eggs with vegetables, and my friend had a make your own omelette. i don't know if the vegetables were frozen then cooked, but it was i think one of the most horrendous looking soggy eggs i've ever seen in my life. the omelette looked like pre-made eggs unfolded and stuffed with microwave vegetables.these photos are so gross i would consider them nsfw.my wife went to medici when she lived in hyde park as a little girl. she insisted we had to eat here on our visit to chicago. she told me that it had only changed in small ways. what i found was an excellent neighborhood pizzeria.the neighborhood is full of families and at 11:30 on a sunday morning, we saw a lot of families getting brunch or lunch, plus some students rolling out for breakfast. medici felt like a family place. the host complimented my watch and we talked watches as he walked us to our table. the waiter was attentive and friendly, happy to offer to wrap our leftovers and generally nice. this is very much a family restaurant.the decor is one of a kind. a giant wooden bishop greets you as you walk in. gargoyles loom from the second floor balcony. the tables and walls are covered in writing from past patrons. somehow, it doesn't feel grimy, it feels lived in. deep wood tables and trim with brick walls don't feel so heavy with the high ceiling dining room. i don't often write about decor, but at medici, it's part of the charm.we each had pan pizza. my wife got basil and sausage and i got the recommended garbage pie. i'm not an expert on chicago style pizza, so i can't compare it with that genre, but from somebody who lived and worked in new york for 25 years, it's good pizza. the crust is thick like you want it to be, but it didn't feel like a bomb in my stomach like deep dish pizza can. a little bit less dense crust makes it more enjoyable. the meats make for a greasy pizza, but in a good way, like you would want with a hangover or in the middle of the night. the garbage pizza has ground beef, pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers. somehow, it all balances together. this is not sophisticated pizza. it is not gourmet. it is hang out with your friends pizza and it hits that spot well. better than a lot of new york places-- but not all new york places!my only small criticism is the bathroom. you go into a small room with toilets on several sides, both men and ladies. there is only one sink. this can make for a bit of waiting to wash your hands. the pizza is good comfort food. the decor is lots of fun. the friendly family environment is relaxing. i was leaning toward 4 stars for the food, but the vibe made it 5 stars.ate here the other night. ordered a turkey burger with fries and a salad with pesto balsamic salad dressing. both were really good. the burger was pretty big and had nice flavor. the french fries also had really good flavor. we really enjoyed the salad with the pesto balsamic dressing. the service was really nice and the restaurant had a nice ambiance as well.visited once with coworkers during lunch time on the weekend & i already know i'll be back several more times. this restaurant had a bunch of traditional american options like wraps, shakes, burgers, sandwiches, and pizza. i had the grilled cajun chicken pita and it was delicious and fresh. the fries are just okay here-too thin for my liking.i'll be back to try the pizza options. service was good despite it being really busy and reasonable prices.i'd recommend this place.this was my first visit and i came here with a group of about 10 people for brunch. the wait staff were great they were able to get us a place on the roof top quickly. they were quick to get our orders in and get us our food everyone enjoyed all of their dishes. we were there for brunch so we ate mostly after breakfast menu and i was impressed with the variety. was a great place i'd love to come back here again next time i visit chicago. i love the name and the aesthetic,it was very funky.best custard tarts in the entire city by far no one else compares! they sale our fast tho, perfectly sweet and fruity.this is my go to restaurant in hyde park. \u00a0good quality ingredients, fresh, tasty salads, excellent baked goods. \u00a0one caveat - almost all their soups are so spicy i can't eat them. \u00a0just got the garbanzo spinach for carryout and could not eat it. \u00a0doused with hot sauce and red peppers, it's heartburn city for me. \u00a0ease up on the unnecessary soup spicy heat, medici! \u00a0too much heat kills the flavor anyway.visited twice and hated my food the second visit. \u00a0it's a cute little place, but the two pastries we had were hard as a rock and stale. \u00a0the apple pie dough had to be stabbed through to open up. \u00a0the tart dough was similarly hard enough that the knife could barely cut through. \u00a0it was almost comical--two people having to chisel through their pastries. \u00a0they seem to focus on sandwiches here--a pity, because their pastries look great but were less than desirable.the fruit tart is amazing. the fruits were fresh, the cream was delicious, and the crust was good but on the thicker side. i also ate the moroccan ragout, salad with pesto vinaigrette, and lemonade. all were delicious and came out quickly. there are two seating areas, upstairs is less busy. so i'm not entirely sure why we had to wait to be seated since there were lots of empty tables.the medici is another restaurant that has meant a few different things to me. growing up in hyde park, the med was a safe haven. my best friend and i would while away nightly hours drinking coffee and plotting our eventual world domination. much like the neighborhood in which it is situated, the restaurant space is quite versatile. the booths are cozy and the coffee is good... presenting the perfect spot for catching up, there are larger tables for groups, as well as an upstairs area with adjoining outdoor roof patio. in the last few years, the medici expanded, and now has an attached cafe and grade level patios for dining alfresco. the food is solid, and the prices are reasonable. the med has the best burgers in hyde park. i took dates there in my youth and was always impressed if they could take down a whole medici burger. the pizza's are good...no deep dish, but pan or thin crust usually does the trick. i also enjoy the grilled skewers and italian sub sandwich. they used to serve pretty decent loaded baked potato, but it is conspicuously absent from the current menu. the milkshakes are stellar and the fresh squeezed lemonade and orange juice are tasty... i think the oj may only be for breakfast or weekend brunch, though.the atmosphere is cozy and inviting. the wooden tables, booths and bare brick walls are laden with carved inscriptions of years gone by. so many etchings surround you in certain seated areas, that it's indistinguishable from a designed pattern. i'm certain that somewhere amongst these carved memorials is a reference or two to my own youthful indiscretions. this is not to say that the medici doesn't have a more casual side. i have met there for business lunches (midday parking there can be a pain) and more... \"adult\" dates. at last count, they don't even charge a corking fee and are byob. the versatility of the spot is made apparent in it's space, and anchored by the terrific food. the service can be a bit gruff sometimes. most institutions within college towns tend to become insular, and i believe the medici suffers from this. come to the med for the burger or pizza. meet there with a friend, a flame or fellow foodie. enjoy the coffee and drinks, or bring something harder with you. if you're in hyde park, it's difficult to go wrong at the medici.growing up in hyde park meant lots of visits to medici bakery/restaurant for their delicious pastries and pizza. this place used to be awesome! the only reason i'm giving it an extra star is bc of nostalgia...but unfortunately, the quality has gone way down. while visiting my parents over the weekend, we swung by for a croissant and were shocked at how terrible it turned out to be! the croissant was so greasy - like soaked. i couldn't eat it as seeing the amount of grease made me sick. i understand that croissants should be buttery... but they should not be wet. when i went back to exchange (perhaps it was just this one croissant?) the manager was so rude! she said nothing to me. nothing at all. she grabbed my bag of grease and walked away. one of the employees were nice enough to help me out and exchange my croissant for another. unfortunately, it was just as greasy.went back the next day to try a sandwich. we waited almost 30 minutes for a mozzarella sandwich! and everyone was incredibly rude to us when we asked about it i care about hyde park and the community - which is why i feel so bummed that these places are getting lazy. seems like they no longer care about the quality of the food/service.i live on the north side of the city but decided one day to venture to hyde park and experience a different neighborhood. i took myself here alone on a weekday for lunch before doing some more exploring. i found the menu to be extensive and a good value for the quality of food. the staff was very efficient but not overly friendly, which is why i deducted a star. i was not thanked after paying the check or when i walked out the door. still, i would consider returning if i was in the area.the food here is great. but customer service is lacking. i was told to call back closer to 11am to schedule a lunch order because they are too busy dealing with the morning rush. \u00a0i work at the university of chicago, we don't have a lot of options for good affordable delivery. i just called and placed my order because like i said i don't have many options in the area. something tells me i won't be getting my food within the hour either. i'm just really disappointed.awesome almond croissant, feta cheese pastry, cinnamon roll, and brownie. have to try their milkshakes, and garbage pizza. bakery is the best. hits the sweet spot!!!only great w thin crust pizza and desserts.food: cheese pizza 5, veggie chili 3, \u00a0rueben 3, bacon cheeseburger 3, onion rings 3, banana pudding 5, pecan pie 5, mixed berry pie 5service: 3ambience: 4cleanliness: 4cute little restaurant with good food. we had a pepperoni pizza, a spinach and goat cheese pizza and the garbage can burger. all was very good but the spinach and goat cheese pizza was the best--it had pesto and was sooo good we almost finished the whole thing. definitely a great place to stop when you're in hyde park!i've been eating here off and on my whole sort of grown life, back in the mid-1980s my world revolved around this place. all my friends worked or ate here. i lived with a waitress i met here delivering pizza and quarter ounce bags of weed at night when i finished my day job turning wrenches on stony island ave. after hours we all hung out together. the garage we raced motorcycles out of was in the alley behind the current location. when it moved almost every tradesman that built the new location was a friend of mine. it had great food back then and that's still the case. this place has the best pan pizza and burgers on the southside of chicago. the bakery and the deserts are pretty awesome, check out their shakes or a vaguely reminiscent for starters, and i love the way their coffee tastes. they make a mean eggs benedict most mornings. the medici is the kind of place you can carve your initials into the booths or the tables and nobody minds but the place is still well lit and clean and the staff is almost always cool, even when it gets busy. i've been away from this neighborhood for a lifetime but every time i return for a visit this place always makes me feel like home. if you are on the southside it's worth the stop for a meal for sure.i enjoy and praise almost every item on their menu in this iconic bakery in hyde park. when i get a break from class, i usually head here to fill up with all my dietary needs before heading back to class. one of my favorite pizza's here is the \"spinach goat cheese with canadian bacon\" pizza.i love the interior space of this eclectic eatery. very good breakfast, decent brunch and lunch. i have heard they are applying for a liquor license so there is a possibility of good draft beer or wine soon.so i was looking for a brownie fix. paid $4.42 for a brownie, that due to its price, i thought had to be one of the best brownies ever. not so much. the edges up to about an inch was so dry. the interior was more moist, but the taste level was just alright. definitely not worth $4.42. this is a good thing, i don't need delicious brownies this close to him.what you're really paying for is the place's atmosphere and environment. it's conveniently located in the heart of hyde park. however, the pasta i had was mediocre. the mexican hot chocolate was great though! cool placeparfait and brunch are very good! to be honest, dinner and lunch is just okay.... not too much options.environment is cute thoughnice american food, very big portions, very filling. most of us didn't even finish our meals here! the burgers were nice, but the pesto pasta tasted like takeout chinese somehow. anyway, the waiters were very friendly and attentive. nice place to unwind with friends.the only thing i get at the cafe is their milkshake - the fall pumpkin pie flavor is the best with actual pie chunks. sadly my lactose intolerance won't let me finish an entire milkshake now.the restaurant is generally very crowded all day long. i like going for brunch to get the smoked salmon omelet or their oatmeal with fresh fruit toppings. these are my \"worth-it\" items. i'm not a fan of the prix fixe entrees. the burgers are alone enough to fill a person without the extra sides - it just ups the price. the burgers are eaten with a fork and knife since they're so hefty - at which it's more like eating a steak with a bun around it.the service was better than expected based on previous reviews. i wasn't adventurous with menu selection but the quesadillas were enjoyable. i will come back again. it seems to be a good neighborhood spotbest black bean burger i've ever had. i cannot emphasize how friggin' delicious it was. and it wasn't even that pricy. it came out to about $13 with tip, but i can see how it can add up, especially if you also buy a drink. our waitress was polite, but not smothering, and the nice man refiling our waters was extremely attentive. if you're in the area, you should really try medici's. they even have vegan pizza. and the ambience of the restaurant is great (at around 3pm, i saw that they were putting out those faux led candles at every table which i thought was cute. must be for dinner hours).my food came stacked in a bowl...the one you see in the pic...how can anyone mess up shoe string fries.??? cooked 2x before serving them to me. \u00a0wow cole slaw was missing and my guys pizza was bland. \u00a0can i have my money back please!went to eat pizza here after a date at msi, and it was a wonderful ambiance. went on a thursday late afternoon, so it wasn't crowded at all. we had a goat cheese and spinach pizza, and got a cheese pizza to go. prompt and fast service. the food itself was phenomenal. you could taste the quality of the cheese, and the crust itself was tasty. i normally don't eat the crust, so it was a surprise to me and my partner. it has nice memories too because his parents ate there on dates when they had first met at u of c. definitely recommend the pizza. my only regret is it isn't closer to meme and my girlfriend came here when we went on vacation to chicago. came in on a sunday afternoon with about half of the place filled. waited about 10 minuets for a server after the host took us to our seat. he was very rude and did not care that we were there. we told him we were visiting and we wanted a good chicago pizza and he just said get any of them. there's like 20 pizzas on the menu. we got the garbage or trash pizza i forget the name. it was amazing. but the server really ruined it. he didn't rush us but didn't attend to anything. not even the bill. +food+atmosphere +host staff-serverracist staff and management alert. \u00a0specifically the server named irma and her immediate manager, a very rude and detached caucasian woman whose name i cannot recall. \u00a0i was a loyal customer to medici that loved their food and had enjoyed many positive experiences with various servers leading up to the unfortunate experience and assault from irma. \u00a0after receiving poor customer service from irma on one particular day that resulted in me asking to speak to her manager, irma basically approached me in a threatening manner as if she was initiating a fight. \u00a0i kid you not. \u00a0one of her co-workers literally had to restrain her as she had clearly snapped and lost her mind. \u00a0the female manager finally arrived and after explaining what transpired, there was no outrage she simply offered me half off my food. \u00a0a complete and utter insult. \u00a0let me not forget to mention that i am positive irma had one of her friends in the kitchen that prepared my meal to do something bad to alter my food it as i threw up later that day. \u00a0an experience i will never forget, nor overlook. \u00a0beware.i couldn't help, but give this place 5. consistently great pizza after years of dining with them. good ingredients + very light crust = job security for my trainer.they just can't keep a good streak going. i'm constantly ordering for delivery and i always order the same thing. spinach/goat cheese pizza and brownie sundae. sometimes they send the sundae with the ice cream in a separate cup (you know...the only way that makes sense), but the last time they sent the sundae made already and the ice cream was melted. i was forced to eat the sundae first before what was left of the ice cream got warm. this time i asked for the ice cream to be in a cup explaining that it was melted last time. \"that will be $1 extra charge\". \u00a0why?!! you're already charging a delivery fee. that doesn't cover the costs of delivering my damn ice cream in scoops rather than liquid form?! why offer it as a delivery item then? why not raise the price of the damn sundae if you can't afford the costs to deliver it properly? sigh. i needed an excuse to cut another restaurant out of the rotation. the food (most of what i've tried)is decent but their service is often lackluster, delivery or eating in, and i can't take another issue with them.great food and service, and i love the spin on classic favorites! the milkshakes are to die for, and the brunch is the ideal weekend comfort food.last night a friend and i were going to court theater and she was running latei put in a thin crust pizza to be ready by 6:30 and that's exactly when my friend arrived and voila the pizza was delicious! after the play, we went to the bakery for lattes. i have a concert at the logan center tonight and.enjoyed our dinner so much, i'm heading back there for dinner.this is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in the city. from the cool, yet relaxed ambiance to the chai lattes to the spinach and goat cheese pizza and steak sandwiches to the friendly service - medici is one of my go to restaurants for group dinners. the shakes are great as well, and the bread from their bakery next door to the restaurant is divine. highly recommend it!five stars because medici is a hp classic. the menu is way too long. stick with what they do best: cesar salad, pizza, calzones and milk shakes won't disappoint.this isn't pizza - (i got thin crust not pan pizza) it's like golden brown but not charred anywhere, it tastes like it was just baked in a regular oven like you would have at home, the (mozzarella and parmesan) cheese tastes cheap - other stuff i've had here isn't bad but the pizza sucks - it's super bland, like i don't know if they just don't put salt in anything or what, it's like bizarre i've never been so dissatisfied by pizza. the dough seems like not a pizza dough but some kind of other pastry dough. i asked for some olive oil to perk it up a bit but they only had cooking not finishing oil. i don't know why there's so much basil on it but it's still super bland? there's tomato wedges on top of the pizza but like the toppings are under the cheese and there doesn't seem to be much of them there? i just don't get it. sorry y'all i'm just a little italian boy that wanted to eat pizza and now i'm just sad. they put topping under the cheese it's just super weird. i thought pizza was like, medici's thing, but i guess they just have their own weird pizza style. also their thin crust isn't thin tbh it's just normal. i'm so vexed rn. their pastries and sandwiches are good idk why their pizza is missing the mark croissants are way more difficult to make! they comped it which i really appreciated, no problems with service. this is a rating for the pizza only. i don't even write yelp reviews but the people must know.pasta took 30 min to make, tasted worse than frozen pasta i'd bought at the grocery store.i can't believe it took me this long to visit this hyde park institution! thank you, daphne l. for the recommendation. walking in to be seated at a cozy booth with graffiti walls, students, professors, and medici regulars made me feel at home. the menu here is big, and so much looks good, but we opted for breakfast. i got the huevos rancheros and their lemonade which is made like a slush spritzer, very refreshing. the huevos were great, service is hard working, and i can't wait to get back to hyde park and to medici.good but not great brunch on a sunday morning while visiting a u chicago relative. upstairs had a nice feel with high open ceiling and a view out the back to the outdoor patio. service was good to take our order quickly and the food for 5 arrived in pretty short order and came out hot so no cold eggs and toast. the poached eggs were done almost to perfection, hash browns more like fried potatoes so would have liked a little crispier, huevos rancheros were excellent, corn beef hash was decent but not great. only thing i would say was not so good was the chicken sausage; it was $1 upcharge for 3 very small links and while the flavor was ok, they were very dry. canadian bacon and bacon much better. had to track down our waitress to get a coffee refill. 18% automatic tip for party of 5.for more than a decade the medici has been my favorite bakery, brunch, and salad place in chicago. all the croissants are amazing-- from sweet to savory--and the coffee is tasty too. the garbage salad is simple, yet amazing in terms of the balance and combination of ingredients. the challah french toast and sweet potato pancakes are not to be missed. the pizzas are pretty good, too. a south side staple, well worth the drive from all corners of the chicago area-- and a stop by those who are passing through.a solid staple of the uchicago student diet. \u00a0medici is close and convenient to campus, will deliver and can also cater. \u00a0but because it's so convenient it can get busy, so avoid the sit-down section during lunch time (unless you have time to spare). \u00a0it has a small bakery which is open early and late, so it can always work in a pinch.the food it hit or miss. \u00a0the pepperoni pizza is great, with nice large pepperonis and a good fluffy crust. \u00a0it also reheats well in a microwave. \u00a0the chili burger is a bit disappointing since the chili doesn't have any interesting flavor (and the rest of the burger doesn't either). \u00a0the cinnamon roll french toast is tasty, but comes with only a few pieces, not enough to fill me up. \u00a0the napoli and italian subs are both solid, although the bread can be a bit tough sometimes.i have had breakfast only here but the food and service are usually always good.they have blueberry pancakes on sunday only. this is a waffle free location so stay away waffle lovers!only bad thing is typical bad hyde park parking and parking meters that are way too expensive during the day.ableist, discriminatory, jerks!!!my friends and i frequently go to medici, but never again. my dear friend has cp and is in a motorized wheel chair. he's been there dozens of times both in his chair or using his crutches. tonight, he went to the restaurant and was treated horribly. the restaurant was busy and instead of making space for him inside, they made him wait outside. after the 10 minutes that they predicted, he checked in to see how much longer the wait would be. he was then told that since he couldn't sit in a booth, they couldn't say how long it would be for him to get a table or if he would get a table at all. since when is it ok to say that to someone?! i'm furious. to be honest, the last few trips to medici have left us unsatisfied and sometimes angry. bad service, crappy food, etc. well, now i'm glad we have a concrete reason to never, ever go back. i suggest you don't either.there was a time before yelp i might have given this place 4 stars. on my last visit i ordered a cup of beef chili and a tuna melt. weird combo, i know. i was craving both. the chili was very tomato-y and short on beef. it was served with a pack oyster crackers, nothing else. i didn't know i had to ask for cheese and sour cream and onions ?? \u00a0the wait staff should ask. so i asked for cheese and sour cream. i got a slice of cheese and a dollop of sour cream. \u00a0so of course the cheese didn't melt into the chili. anyway when they brought the tuna melt it really wasn't. it was a slightly toasted tuna sandwich. when i asked about technique they said they said they run the bread through a toaster. hunh? that's not a tuna melt. overall disappointing for me. my mom enjoyed her chicken soup.came here after this place was referred to by a friend! when walking in we had very high hopes of a great meal! we placed our order with our server (a heavyset african-american woman) who was not very personable. . our food came out, a steak sandwich and chicken strips. the steak sandwich was ok, but the chicken strips and barbecue sauce were delicious! i was looking for our waitress for a refill on my drink... especially since sandwich and chicken tenders were spicy! i could not locate her. my water was also gone too! luckily the waterboy came over quite often to refill my water.... and somehow brought me out a refill of my ice tea! props to him... for being so attentive who was not even our waiter. we still couldn't locate our waitress and we had asked the waterboy for our bill. i wish the tip could have went to him. good food bad service.... not sure if i will be going back. enjoy your holidays everyone!there is corn syrup in everything -- find an item on the menu that has no corn syrup. \u00a0most places are phasing out the sugar for sugar alternatives like honey, maple, or coconut sugar, and this joke of a restaurant cannot even serve a burger without mainlining nastiness into your veins.university of chicago staple, which can be good or bad depending on the type of experience you want. \u00a0it's a very unique place in terms of decor, and i'm not even quite sure how to describe it. \u00a0they're very laid back, which is fine by me, although sometimes i think that leads to service being a bit on the slow side. \u00a0the food is delicious, and reasonably-priced too. \u00a0i typically get their personal pizzas when i'm there because they're so good, and recently i was there for brunch for the first time and got the sweet potato pancakes which were good as well.note: this place has two entrances, the west door takes you into the sit down restaurant, the east door takes you to the cafe/bakery area (where you can get sandwiches/bakery/deli type fare to go).it can get pretty packed, especially when the university is in session, but if you don't mind a bit of a wait it's worth it.pizza was pretty good. didn't take long to receive. free condiments and water station was available. service, however, could be better. front counter guys seem not terribly concerned about diners.i went to college in hyde park, so i've been a med customer for over 25 years. kinda crazy really that it's been a quarter of a century! so needless to say i have a sentimental attachment to this place. i probably ate the ~$5 (!) garbage pizza for saturday night dinner at least half of all saturday nights for four years.that said, i tried a med burger again after a while, seeking its former magic. i was disappointed. seeking something warm and juicy on this cold december day, instead i received a warmish burger topped with cold bleu cheese and cold grilled onions. the onions should have been hot, the burger just steaming of the grill, both melting the bleu cheese. next time, i'll remind myself not to order the burger (which is what i promised myself the last two times i was here).otherwise the fries were hot and the service great.this is probably one of my favorite places to do work on campus. they have such a good selection of drinks and food. their hot chocolate is amazing! my fianc\u00e9 got an espresso which he liked as well. they also have a wide range of pastries as well as separate breakfast and lunch menus. the prices here may seem expensive for hyde park but they're nothing compared to the prices we have downtown! i loved the mascarpone stuffed french toast! it was such a good mix of creamy mascarpone and blueberry sauce. absolutely delightful! the biscuit breakfast sandwich was also good but paled in comparison to the french toast. there is seating indoors and outdoors, although it was a bit crowded (sunday morning). it was quite chilly when i was there but some people had to sit outside due to lack of seating inside. there are outlets through the seating area. i love the large windows that give plenty of natural light to the space. i'll have to go at lunch time next time to try out their lunch menu!the mascarpone stuffed french toast was amazing! \u00a0to be honest, i wasn't a big fan of french toast. but i fell in love with their blueberry mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast! \u00a0the refreshing blueberry sauce and the delicious mascarpone taste like a perfect harmony. it took awhile for them to make the french toast. i was almost late waiting for it, since i woke up kind of late that day. but it was totally worth the wait! i'm craving for their french toast right now! i'm back in la right now. really miss uchicago! enjoy while you can ! i also loved the environment! i really like the seats both inside and outside with little green plants! the sunshine and plants makes a perfect start of a day! taking away all me stress and replacing it with dangerous positive energy! plein air cafe motivated me to get up to study there, before i go to class, while enjoying a cup of latte. the raspberry beignet was delightful and refreshing, when i don't feel like too much sweet or cheesy things.*** workspace ***being a cafe in a university compound, there is plenty of seats with equal amount of outlets. however, this also means that it's quite crowded and stays bustling through the week.*** coffee ***solid selection of coffee that can be brewed in several methods. i always go for the cold brew or the drip.*** food ***snag a hazelnut beignet when you can! you won't regret it. i also love the pie here and for lunch option, the prosciutto with sweet balsamic sandwich is my go-to.*** ambiance ***adorably quaint! from the white interior to the outdoor seating surrounding a beautiful flower bed. if your scandinavian grandmother decided to open a modernize yet charming cafe, it'll come out resembling plen air cafe.food: 4service: 4cleanliness: 4noise level: quiethidden within uofc campus you'll find this cozy cafe offering bowls and sandwiches. perfect place for a quick stop in or study sesh at individual or communal tables. you get a rustic meets european vibe by the decor. there is also a patio on warm mornings! being here definitely takes you away from the city life.tuna salad sandwich: all sandwiches come with a side of simple salad tossed in a balsalmic vinegrette. the sandwich itself was super filling. tuna salad tasted homemade and not doused in mayonnaise. very light ! street parking out front.wifi works great.outlets along walls.would i come back? yestwo cafes in one morning, my goodness! but after finding \u00a0a good tea for myself we were on a quest to find a coffee worth it's wait for the coffee lovers in our family. this place was another yelp find and the yelp gods did not disappoint. plein air cafe & eatery had so much character and their menu of not just drinks but food were to die for. they had everything from croissants and danishes to fresh salads and sandwiches, everybody was able to find something to cater to their tastebuds here.i don't know if being close to a university helps but service here too was immaculate. and the croissants were out of this world.i like plein air cafe and eatery. i really do. the kitchen turns out simple, yet tasty food. the biscuits and housemade jams are exceptional. baristas pull espresso shots with the best of them and the mochas are delicious. i've missed on a few food items, but overall they serve above average cafe, breakfast and brunch options.my main gripe is the dining area service. it's kind of odd because the cashier counter is always friendly. they're patient even when the line winds out of the door. my problem is with the table bussers. each time i've been they've removed either a plate, cup or menu without uttering a single word. it's so shocking and quick that i've barely been able to get their attention to return. it would be nice if they'd ask before swiping my grub or anything else sitting in front of me. .. especially frustrating because the food is a bit overpriced.beautiful little cafe on a more beautiful campus right next door to the robie house! \u00a0who cares what the food tastes like right? \u00a0i wouldn't expect to stop here for lunch with the family and sit down at a table/ not happening! \u00a0packed all the time with students with their macbook pro's opened up next to iphones & cups of coffee i think is the best description. \u00a0i mean i'm all about technology but what about an actual conversation? \u00a0as far as the food goes... i feel like the sandwiches always sound better in description than they actually taste/ lots of bread. \u00a0the bowls on the other hand are excellent!! (chicken jalapeno bowl) \u00a0the menu in pretty extensive given the size of this joint & they offer breakfast items until 12; sandwiches & bowls, etc after that. \u00a0they have great coffee and all kinds of espresso drinks as well as some very good dessert items...including beignets!! \u00a0prices a tad on the high side but as far as hyde park goes this is your best bet by far for lunch, trust me. \u00a0not sure what others are talking about but the staff was very nice, probably the owner at the register even facilitating orders to customers! \u00a0talk laterplein air is a great surprise on a beautiful campus. though the front area is currently under construction, walking into the cafe (the cafe is on the right, the bookstore on the left) i was immediately struck by how bright, clean, and modern the place is. it's not super large and the majority of the seating is at long tables or a long bar overlooking robie house next door. i wouldn't say the place is especially kid friendly, because most of the seating is at bar style stools or chairs and i didn't see any high chairs around. however, if you came at an off peak time and could sit at a table it would be a great place for a kid.the menu is pretty extensive, note that they stop serving the plein bowls and tartines after 3 pm.i love that they serve topo chico, i don't see that much outside of texas. they also have fresh squeezed grapefruit and orange juice in their cooler.i was hungry, but not for a full blown meal so i got the soup of the day, tomato basil. i was very disappointed by the quality of the tomato basil soup, it tasted like they opened a bottle of tomato sauce from the store and poured it into a bowl. furthermore, the soup itself wasn't even hot, it was tepid at best even though it took the employees about 10 minutes to bring it to me. the french bread on the side was also stale. i really enjoy tomato basil soup, but there was absolutely no complexity or dimension to the soup, i didn't taste any basil, just cold tomatoes. it was $5.50 for the bowl and $3 for the large mug of breakfast tea i got on the side. the tea was strong and served in a big mug, though i wish the server asked if i wanted room for cream as it was filled almost completely to the brim. this seems primarily a place for uchicago students and faculty to study and socialize, light music played in the background, but the place never got loud. i will definitely be coming back, but i can see how it's easy to spend quite a bit of money quickly here, everything looks very good!they also do to-go food and drinks and i thought it was cool that they have a coat rack at the entrance for backpacks and coats. smart idea when winter hits the windy city!so many memories coming back to hyde park. \u00a0i graduated from the university of chicago in 2010, and since graduation, i've been living in texas. \u00a0for the holidays this year, i came back to chicago. i decided to go to the plein air cafe & eatery with my best friend and visit the college.i love the atmosphere here. \u00a0there's a lot of natural lighting. \u00a0love the wooden tables. \u00a0the place is small and intimate, and it has a lot of character and charm. \u00a0 the best part was seeing people with philosophy books. \u00a0my friend had drip coffee, and i had the cafe au lait with extra coconut milk. \u00a0the coffee was, however, a little too strong for me. \u00a0 plein air is still a great cafe.i had a really pleasant visit here. in a city that suffers bitter cold much of the year i can't imagine a better oasis than this outdoor eating section. i had the root veggie quiche. i'm not a vegetarian but it was seriously so satisfying. protein from the eggs, carbs from the potatoes, \u00a0and a green salad on the side. i also had an espresso which was good too.love this place! i frequent plein air quite often for lunch as it is one of my favorite places in all of hyde park. this cafe is quite aesthetically pleasing. in the warmer seasons, it's lovely to sit outside right next to frank lloyd wright's robie house and eat at one of plein aire's rustic tables. the service is always quick and attentive and the self-serve sparking water is a huge plus.my favorite items are the steak bowl, sweet pepper baguette, and hazelnut beignet. the steak bowl reminds me a lot of a filipino menudo dish, which i absolutely love. while the sweet pepper baguette is my favorite, the baguette itself is always pretty hard. the beignet is very good, but may be too sweet for some. be warned: lunch rush is real and you may be standing around waiting for a spot for a while.cute cafe in hyde park. street parking but it's tight. it has an indoor and outdoor area. trendy ambiance. mostly students from university of chicago. ordered some omelette, and it had fresh tomatoes and veggies! it was really yummy. cold brew is unsweetened but sugar and creamer are available.beautiful, bright atmosphere, peaceful crowd, good food! i am a regular for the play-it-safe tuna sandwich with fresh spring greens, soup du jour and latte. what can i say? i am just very comfortable coming here, sitting in or outdoors, and connecting to the wifi (high speed).favorite place in hyde park. definitely a spot i wish there were more like. every food item i've had has been superb! bonus: they sell metric coffee here which is my favorite! get the hazelnut beignets! service is great, space is wonderful but surrounding area is currently under construction. overall: a must try.cute place to study, but i had so many issues here that i had to leave. first, the girl who took my order was quite rude and had a terrible attitude. second, there aren't too many plugs so i had to wait around until one opened up. third, the wifi would not work and so i had to get up and move to another cafe/coffee shop to get my work done. and the worker who i had asked the wifi from was rude and quick with his response. fourth, food and drinks are expensive and wasn't even the best of quality. watery latte and an okay burrito. not coming back here when i'm in chicago.my dad (an ostentatious marooner if ever there was one) has been dragging me to this mediocre pit for years. i suppose he wants a bitter pour-over to match our mutual feeling and conversation. my advice: steer clear unless your bag is shabby-chic humanities graduate students preeningly leafing through drivel.we purchased a large order of items to try out and one item was lost in translation. they did all they could to immediately fix the issue. sometimes things happen and that's life. how a business responds communicates a lot to customers. we will keep coming back.great drip coffee (i'm a coffee consultant and was super pleased). great pastries. great space. the campus is lucky to have them.this cafe is a beautiful spot to study, work or just chill. \u00a0yes, it can feel a bit pricey, but the space and food/drink quality make it worth it for me. \u00a0i'm a big fan of their cranberry spelt scone, all of their lunch bowls (try the balti bowl!) and the loose leaf tea options (blend 333 = soothing herbal tea with peppermint and chamomile). \u00a0the chicken that you can add to salads is a little too intensely marinated for my taste, but i am eager to try more of their sandwiches, pies and pastries.the university of chicago is beautiful-even it's local restaurants. this one in particular looks like the designers from anthropologie designed it themselves. i only wish that the food tasted as good as it looked. i got a turkey sandwich, which is one of the most popular and a dirty chai. the turkey sandwich was dry, despite its contents. it tasted healthy, but i've had healthier sandwiches that tasted better. my mouth dried up so quick, i immediately got up for water. if you like chai from almost any other coffee shop in chicago, from the coffee and tea exchange to places like panera and starbucks- this isn't the chai for you. it flavor is so subtle it minus well not exist. it's not sweet, and if you add espresso the espresso is so bold it's overwhelming.came here on my trip to chicago in december and must say that this little cafe is the place to be if you want a good cup of joe! it's decorated minimally but tastefully. it seemed to be quite busy when i arrived there at about 11am, so try to grab a seat as quickly as possible to ensure you have a spot to sit. i had ordered the mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast with a vanilla latte, and sweet lord did those hit the spot after walking in the blistering cold, which i'm sure wasn't that cold but coming from texas, anything less than 60 degrees is cold to us...anyway, the french toast was sweet but not overly sweet, which was great because if it had been, rip me as i had paired that with the latte. it was also filling, so i wasn't dying trying to find another place to snack at while doing touristy stuff. the latte was probably one of my favorite lattes i have had in a while as it was perfected with enough cream and sugar to keep my sugar tooth satisfied. cute, quaint, and packed with delicious finds; y'all gotta check it out!lovely spot for a bite, good cup of coffee and to hang out in a chill atmosphere. large windows overlook a garden space with outdoor seating. \u00a0the garden borders the back of frank lloyd weights robie house. tasty, simple, interesting menu. you order the food yourself then it is brought to you at your table. they don't bring the coffee, not sure what's up with that so you need to know to hover around the coffee pick up counter until the coffee with name pasted on it appears.great spot and people working there.i like the food here although it's expensive, and unlike other reviewers, i think the wait staff is very friendly and cool. recently though, they've taken to forcing people to come in to order before they get settled in a seat. when this has happened to me, there has been ample seating and once the manager was very rude to me about it. i spend tons of money here so it feels particularly annoying and misguided on their part-- i'm not here to freeload a seat, i want food and drink. sure, if someone is sitting down without ordering for an extended time and there's no seats, fine, but forcing a menu on someone who says they don't need it and will be in line to order soon, seems more like a good way to lose a regular customer rather than a smart business strategy.i had the two egg any style breakfast and it was the perfect size and fairly priced. the iced coffee was a large glass and very tasty! service was great, inside and outside seating. cute little place-would recommend.ice mocha was excellent, the environment is really lovely and peaceful. though they close early (accustomed to california's cafes which close at midnight).this cafe attempts to provide interesting breakfast selections, pastry, and quality coffee in an aesthetic setting just north of frank lloyd wright's robie house bordering u. of chicago's main campus. \u00a0 while the breakfast selections are above average in imagination and they purport to take pride in their coffee, the execution is lacking. the first tip-off was that my drip coffee was not sufficiently hot and my partner's latte was lacking in coffee flavor. \u00a0the omelet i ordered was properly cooked in a frittata style, but the accompanying red potatoes were underdone. \u00a0my partner had asked for eggs over hard. \u00a0oddly, while the two eggs on her plate appeared to have been cooked in the same pan, one of them was correctly hard and the other was still runny. \u00a0she experienced the same issue with her side of potatoes as i did. \u00a0her order also include veggie sausage patties which were properly cooked with surprisingly good texture and flavor.all in all, while plein aire cafe has laudable ambitions, they did not hit the mark for us this morning.i'm hooked.... this place is truly as good as it gets for coffee and cafe food, but at the same time, the place is absolutely packed all the time and the coffee drinks are priced like the premium coffee drinks they are. i love the yogurt and granola - it comes with super thick greek style yogurt, housemade granola, a ton of berries, a homemade strawberry compote, and banana slices. it's delicious, filling, and totally instagram-able. i've had dirty chais here on a couple of occasions and they have really hit the perfect balance of sweet and spicy with their chai!however, heed my warning - it is super easy to spend $20 here on a fancy coffee and lunch - that being said most menu items are around $9... but then you get a $5.50 coffee drink and decide that croissant looks ambrosial... and you've spent way more than you intended and you still haven't figured out where you're going to sit because it's packed.great coffee, environment, and food. definitely give their sandwiches a try. their kale and mushroom pie was also great.this review is solely for the mushroom pie. because that's all i've ever tried here. it is so hearty and filling. definitely worth the ~$12. \u00a0it's great that it's so close to so many buildings on campus. i also heard that their coffee is good, but i'm not enough of a coffee aficionado to walk over just for a different coffee when we have coffee in the building.fantastic spot! the spot is beautifully laid out, i love the walk up counter, the crowd is a good mix of students, young professionals, and older crowd. the decor is chic. i had the soy milk latte. they have the pacific barista blend which works beautifully, would give it a 3.5/5. the chocolate croissant was fantastic, 3.5/5 and can use some heating before they serve it but the chocolate hazelnut poundcake takes the cake, no pun intended 4.5/5. it is soft, crumbly, nutty, and baked extremely well.don't come here for a casual hangout with friends because you will not find space, and you will not be able to hear yourself think over the truly horrendous music. that being said, the coffee, pastries, and salad are great despite being overpriced. check out nearby sanctuary cafe for a better ambience and qualityi feel smarter just being there. hot fresh beignets and great coffee all together in chicago, are you kidding me? too bad the valet parking is always full. \u00a0enjoy!beautiful cafe with a great relaxed/serene atmosphere located on the university of chicago campus. delicious drinks and the food looks great as well. menu looks quite diverse for a cafe. \u00a0love the fact they provide free still, sparking, or cold water fresh out of a tap that's easily accessible to customers.the hot chocolate was delicious - not overly heavy nor did it taste like pure milk. just perfect. chai latte was also great. would order both of those again. wifi is free for non-uchicago students, though took awhile to connect to it. ask the barista for the password. great place to grab a drink before heading to the library or even to stay and to study.nice ambience. food is pricey but tasty. only complaint is it's kind of small and the tables are close together so it feels sometimes like you are sharing a table with total strangers.this is the pretty spot in hyde park. i usually go to their for breakfast. i love the royal pie spinach and the blue berry french toast. i usually order the blueberry danish ( absolutely delicious) for the coffee it's very strong for me. \u00a0(personal) so i didn't order every time. about theirs decoration i really really love it. it is the cutest place in hyde park. so we can drink coffee and eat in the cutes place. love it !!i love plein air. food and coffee are delicious, the service at the counter can be excellent. except when it's weird, which is not rare. for just one example, recently i was told that the coffee i ordered \"for here\" couldn't be served in a coffee mug because it would crack the cup because it's too hot.... in all my years of both being a passive aggressive barista myself (so no judgement) and dealing with them, that's a new one on me: a coffee cup that's too hot for coffee.... k..... also getting tired of increasingly paltry sides of room temperature home fries. plein air used to be better about this. sad because they're so so good when they're good.i want to love plein air but honestly, i don't. \u00a0the staff at the cash register seem bored & are consistently rude, quality is inconsistent (my most recent meal was cold), and often it's so crowded you can't get a seat! on the positive, the bussers are always friendly, the quality of food is very high and the location is great. \u00a0if only it was more welcoming and inviting! :-/good brunch place but definitely over pricednice coffee and tea good environmentstaff are friendly next by a nice bookstore, which is the best!i go to plein air almost everyday because it's definitely one of the best cafes that i've ever been to in my life. their latte, pastries and biscuit are absolutely amazing; other dishes are also very tasty. it also has a nice study vibe, having a little bit of a buzz but not noisy at all. a perfect place to grab a quick lunch with friend, go on a date or have some alone time and treat yourself.plain air is one of my favorite places to stop for breakfast. the exterior seating is lovely and the interior is light and airy. all of their pastries and quiches are fantastic, and i also really enjoy the biscuit breakfast sandwich. very good coffee and tea options. it's really a gem in the neighborhood.glad that they were open during construction. i was in the area and wanted to stop in for a beverage and sweet treat. i would have preferred to dine in but the way the seating was set up there was no room for me so i just kept it moving up lake shore drive.the mf bomb diggity! scrumdiddlyupsious! my love stopped to bring me some breakfast because i wasn't feeling well. i feel like a million bucks chuck! i had the croissant with egg thick cut xtra smokey bacon with monchego cheese and home fries! get you some! fye bo!this is a lovely cafe on the university of chicago campus, in the same building as the revered seminary co-op bookstore. the coffee and espresso drinks are great, the food is delicious with many menu options, and the space is designed beautifully to showcase the view of frank lloyd wright's robie house next door.on past trips back to the university i've kind of stuck to my old haunts (plein air wasn't open yet while i was in college), but this time i gave it a try and i'm so glad i did. my vanilla latt\u00e9 was perfect - not too sweet. i also got a sandwich that was a lunch special - chicken with poblano peppers, avocado, and beans on a french roll. absolutely delicious. it was a tad messy to eat, but so yummy. the sandwiches also come with a small serving of fresh salad with a simple vinaigrette, which is nice.i enjoyed my sandwich while listening to the fascinating discussions other patrons were having and enjoying the view out the enormous windows. had this cafe been open when i was a student, i think i would have come to work here quite a bit. it's just a really nice atmosphere and the food and drink offerings are on point and beautifully presented. next time i'll arrive earlier in the morning and try the intercontinental breakfast!this is by far the best coffee in hyde park. delicious macchiatos and cappuccinos that are smooth and not overly foamy (which can be hard to find in this part of chicago). all the food that i've tried has been wonderful. especially their ham and cheese sandwich! such quality.i have a mild love affair with the spinach breakfast pie here. the coffee isn't bad either. can get very busy, with little elbow room to worksubtle but modern coffee shop inside of a bookstore. enough space to sit down and chat. very nice and quick service. had a very soothing and perfect latte with homemade vanilla flavoring. i look forward to going back and trying more items.terrible customer service. when i was given the wrong drink and had to return to the cafe, i was told i would have to wait until there were no other customers until my drink would be remade. i was also told that taking the drink was my fault and that if i wanted my drink sooner that i would have to tell everyone in line that i was inconveniencing them because of my mistake. when i said that was poor customer service, i was told to take it up with management, but the barista could not produce a manager or management's contact information. \u00a0have never experienced customer service this poor.a great little cafe and only a short walk from the harper center. i visited here in july when classes are out of session and there were few vacancies both inside and outside. i can only imagine how popular this place is during school year. from the interior, i really liked their minimalist design and communal tables to make good use of space. we sat outside as the weather was perfect. the shades of tree and the overall enclosure made it a great spot for staying cool and away from the foot traffic on the street. unfortunately, my visit was short so i can't comment on their breakfast and lunch menu, but i highly recommend here if you are looking to grab a personalized cup of coffee (yes, come with latte art !!). i did notice that they have drip coffee as well.this place is aesthetically pleasing and the drinks are pretty good. i got two eggs any style and was not very impressed by the taste or the portion--just very mediocre for the price. however i ordered the chai latte and that was reallllllly good. just the perfect amount of spice and creaminess and foamed milk that i love in a chai latte. and the price for it was much more worth than its starbucks counterpart. basically, go there to have a coffee chat but not to eat a meal!this was the first wave of those restaurants with the industrial metal decor and wood benches and rustic coffee equipment and succulent plant decor and that classic multi-grain, locally grown, organic, vegan, humanitarian food. the balti bowl is excellent; everything else is over-priced.i love how tucked away this little cafe is. the space is charming and the food is high quality. the last time i was there service was a bit chaotic, but they made up for making mistakes on our order by giving us extra food. it is nice to take a walk around the university of chicago when you are done with your breakfast.i love the intimate atmosphere of this place! wonderful sandwiches, delicious brioche french toast (my favorite) and creative and wonderful coffee drinks. great place to study!a great find on-campus! this cafe offers many unique sandwiches, all of which are paired with fresh greens. this place was packed during lunch; luckily, i was able to find a seat at the window-bar. overall, delicious!this is a perfect little lunch spot, nestled in beside the bookstore, it offers an interesting & varied menu.we had sandwiches which were delicious, one was a turkey-brie-mustard combo & the other parma ham-manchego-alioi. both were very tasty. the only reason it doesn't get the full 5 is the order process. you've to queue up, take a ticket & find seating. it was a saturday & a bit crowded.overall definitely worth a visit for a tasty luncheon treat!plein air is lovely and makes possible my favorite paired activity -- bookstore and cafe. do be warned - seating is tight (especially in winter) and at peak times, it can be super crowded. \u00a0but never fear, the seating turns over quickly, and then you can turn your attention to your divine sandwich. extra points for the chocolate chip brioche which is a masterpiece.oh trevor you fool, what took you so long to come here? \u00a0having been in awe of pretty instagram photos for a while, and i mean a whhhiiiilllleee... it was finally time for me to venture down to the university of chicago to visit plein air cafe. it's a cool and beautiful as i imagined. sitting literally in the shadows of the robbie house (swoon), it's has an amazing outdoor patio and gorgeous interior. there are lots of options for coffee and specialty drinks, as well as baked goods and legit breakfasts. i had a latte and quiche w (how you spell?) with a salad. both were fantastic and only made better by the beautiful surroundings. \u00a0uofc is a beautiful campus and i can't wait to explore more!!! i'll be back, maybe they will let me move in even?i went for brunch on a sunday morning, i felt the menu items seemed overpriced and considered going somewhere else but decided to stick it out. the portions were small for brunch, and definitely small for how much they cost. the eggs were underwhelming, and the potatoes would've been delicious if they weren't cold. nice ambiance, but i won't be returning.i absolutely love this place! the soy mocha is one of the best i've ever had. i've tried their turkey and brie sandwich and it was fresh and yummy. i also have tried the homemade biscuit breakfast sandwich with egg, manchego cheese and bacon. the bacon was thick and crispy and the cheese was melted on the egg. everything i've had, i have enjoyed. i also enjoy getting work done here. although sometimes it is too loud. overall great spot on campus!so pretentious! just 1 eg of customer service at this place: do you name your latte with a single shot? no, with 2. could you reduce it pls? 1, 1.5, 0.5? no + eye roll + weird face. can't say i'm surprised.i have historically enjoyed the food and coffee. however, the customer service is poor. the staff are pretentious and not courteous. my boyfriend and i ordered horchata lattes. i have ordered horchata at many restaurants and coffee shops. the drink was gritty and not enjoyable to drink. i asked if they could remake me a drink. if it was a no, i would understand, but the employee attempted to explain to me what horchata is and said that it has ground almonds in it which is the why the texture is like \"granita\". i did not appreciate the poor attitude.okay food in an okay, but usually too packed, environment. the prices are just slightly too high for what you get, and the seating isn't really conducive to work or conversation. overrated, in my opinion.such a beautiful coffee shop !!! it has a such a nice view of the campus from the wall of windows . the lavender lemonade is so refreshing ! the chicken sandwich is very light but filling lunch or dinner .great cafe to get simple work done, or catch up over some light reading material. located in the basement of the chicago theological seminary, the co-op bookshop that's connected to this cafe is favored by all university students and faculty alike. always busy; moderate to loud noise level; true university cafe; outdoor seating available.delicious coffee and food in an excellent location. only drawbacks are that it's a little more on the pricey side and can sometimes get pretty crowded. if it's a nice day there's quite a bit of outdoor seating as well.highly recommend.not very good. i went because i heard the breakfast was fantastic, and i arrived at 12:08 and they said they stopped serving it at 12... the girl was very rude about it too... i got the vegan grain bowl and it was not very good at all. do not recommend. i couldn't even taste the spinach pesto at all. plus it was expensive. so not worth it. pretty cute inside and they had a deck area thoa quiet and comfortable cafe right beside the university of chicago. reasonable food and price. we love the way it present and the atmosphere of the store-exactly as the name of store!worst customer service ever! the manager and some of the servers here are incredibly rude. if you guys have hard and fast rules, such as no sitting before ordering and no bringing in outside food, make that explicitly clear (also, are you really losing business if i don't order coffee but the friends i am with order sandwiches and drinks?). don't yell at customers for things they aren't aware of - there is just no need to be so mean over something so trivial. as much as i like the coffee here, really doubting it's all worth the unfriendliness.p.s. i've definitely seen other people violate these so-called \"rules\" and not get called out publicly. is there a specific reason why you target some but not others?the atmosphere is lovely here, right next to the robie house and within walking distance to the oriental museum. \u00a0the outdoor seating is nice and shaded with very cool wooden tables and benches. \u00a0the coffee and espresso drinks are not bad, the treats are generally very good - blueberry danishes, various poundcakes, delicious biscuits with butter and jam...i've never eaten anything here except the treats but the other menu items look very good. \u00a0the breakfast menu looks fabulous with dishes such as mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast or a spinach royal pie. \u00a0i've had the royal pies elsewhere - they are from pleasant house bakery and are divine. \u00a0so, this place has quite a lot going for it except one thing - polite service. \u00a0this is sad because it's such a nice place otherwise. the service comes with a lot of attitude, for some reason. \u00a0i don't know why this is but it seems to be quite consistent. too bad.while the quality of the food is good enough, the selection is very minimal and everything is overpriced for what you get. service is hit or miss. i will continue to eat here if friends request it, but i never recommend it myself -- there are much better options in hyde park.such a gem in hyde park. beautiful baked goods and fresh espresso drinks made with good beans and experienced baristas. beats the crap out of the starbucks on campus, though perhaps rivaled by the divinity school...regardless, a great place to study with lots of seating including some benches with tables outdoors. has a vintage look to it.nice cafe for a coffee and chat with floor to ceiling windows and gets a lot of natural light. good serviceprobably one of the highest quality places to eat in hyde park. great for brunch, i love their pastries. both indoor and outdoor seating are comfortable.i really liked plein air. it has a pricey menu, but the rustic/simple vibes are tasteful, along with their coffee drinks. the maple latte tasted well-balanced, even if it was a little too sweet for me. for brekki, i tried a quiche (kale + roasted pepper + gruyere cheese), and its dough had a buttery, flaky texture that melted on my tongue. so good--would definitely recommend as a simple brunch!plein air opened in the spring of last year, and it's quickly become my favorite dining option nearby the harper center on the university of chicago campus (because let's face it, the harper cafeteria stinks). it's a hop-skip away from harper as well, which makes the commute more palatable than decent options like medici, salonica, or the food trucks.plein air has a partnership with pleasant house bakery, and though the $10+ price tag is semi-steep for a quick lunch, a taste of a royal pie (i recommend the steak and ale) will leave your stomach feeling satisfied, if not your wallet. i've gotten a pastry a time or two as well. i remember the croissant being fine, as in better than starbucks, but not quite up to a parisian standard. their sandwich baguette bread is simply too hard to be palatable. if you're going sandwich, i recommend making the extra hike to medici.i like to pair a pie with a maple latte (in the winter; they've since switched to vanilla), which really sets the bank account back. but that latte is fantastically delicious. plein air uses metric coffee. i don't love it as much as my other go-to's like intelligensia, la colombe, or passion house, but it's pretty good (and still better than the starbucks or intelligensia franchised coffee in harper).cute little cafe in u of c campus... kind of hard to get seats with all the studying students but the food is pretty goodit's really like 3.3 stars. i wanted to like the place because their coffee is amazing, the food is really well made and delicious (strongly recommend a hazelnut beignet) and the spot itself is nicely laid out with cute decor for the heyday of hyde park. but the over-pretentiousness of the staff and their rude misdemeanor completely ruins it. \u00a0i mean, i live in the hipster capital of the world (seattle) but at least our baristas are somewhat friendly and courteous. \u00a0when i'm back in hyde park i might try this again, if there are no other options in the area...stunningly modern and a calm and comfortable atmosphere. beautiful outdoor seating area. seamless ordering/delivery of food and drinks. the espresso is exceptional. the food is healthy, interesting, and satisfying.right alongside the robie house you will find the plein cafe.we needed to kill time waiting for our tour and went in.the music was some kind of ear splitting post punk and was irritating as hell.music that hurts your ears is not conducive to anything else but deafness and tinnuitis.fortunately it was warm and we could go to an outside table.we weren't sure what we wanted \u00a0and ordered macchiatos- which to tell the truth we couldn't remember what they were -which were good.i also ordered a raspberry beignet which was also good.so my attitude towards the place was positive \u00a0but extreme noise is not conducive to thought or pleasure.overall: good drinks, better food, nice atmosphere, but pricey. good place to take my parents when they are in town and want to grab a coffee or casual breakfast, but at a nice place. the only reason it loses a star is the price and that the chai is often lukewarm rather than hot. drinks: i've had the chai latte and lemonade. my chai was good, but nothing great. the lemonade was very delicious. my friends who drink coffee think the coffee is great.food: there food is really well done. i highly recommend the french toast for breakfast and the mushroom pie for lunch. if you want a light breakfast or snack the sourdough toast with butter and honey is delicious! atmosphere: a little typical hipster, but still very nice and the co-op is a great bookstore. definitely take the time to walk around the uchicago campus or go to the oriental institute museum which is close by.i was at the university of chicago and decided to go here for lunch because of all the positive reviews. it was really busy when i arrived around lunchtime. i love that you can eat outside with a view of the robie house next door. i ordered the steak & ale pie which included all-natural beef, ale, carrots and herbs with a side salad. the portion looked small at first, but once you start eating it, it's really filling. the meat was tender and flavorful. i recommend coming here for lunch if you're in hyde park.a cute little cafe with great coffee and savory pies! the vanilla latte is especially good - they make the syrup themselves, which has a noticeably fresh and deep taste. i also really like the ginger plum iced tea. my favorite pie is the mushroom and kale pie -- it's creamy, mushroomy, and amazing. the crust is super flaky, too. they also do great scones.i really like the decor. the space is very light, airy, and open and i think the animals and plants contribute to that, even if it is a bit overly hipstery. it makes me think of an ecology lab :). i also really love the outdoor space, which is super nice. the negative points: 1) service is just kinda mediocre; 2) not enough outlets; 3) not enough space when it gets busy; 4) no wifi (unless you can connect to uchicago)! altogether, though, it's a very nice place to meet people for coffee and chill as long as you're not going between 11:30 and 1:30 when it's ridiculously busy.plein air easily has the best coffee in hyde park--a rotation selection of wonderful, locally-roasted beans from the metric coffee company. plus, they'll happily take the time to make a pour over of your choice.this is also a great spot to grab a quick bite: they've got great quiche and croissants in the morning, and quality soups, sandwiches, and salads at lunch. the food is a bit on the expensive side, but it's not overpriced for the quality.the space is great, too--albeit a bit on the crowded side during the lunch rush. limited outlets, but on the whole it's probably a good thing that they somewhat discourage the macbook-toting hordes from camping out all day. staff is friendly and efficient.loved it!!! i ordered a latte and a chocolate croissant- both were above average. very hip interior, and a cool young crowd. perfect location next to the robie house and an inviting bookstore. i will be back!this is my favorite brunch spot in the area. the coffee is great and the baristas are knowledgeable. the food is fantastic- great quiche variety (and they're all delicious) and the breakfast sandwich is one of the best breakfast sandwiches i've ever had. if your order doesn't come with bacon, i recommend ordering a side order because it's delicious. the water on tap by the counter is cool too, especially because you can get sparkling water.the atmosphere is great, too. it's busy but a table always opens up quickly, and the interior is nice and bright, with some cool art featured. if it's nice, though, try to get a table outside- it's really peaceful and you have a great view of the side of the robie house.i go periodically because i live in hyde park and they do make good coffee, despite the high prices. \u00a0but at this point, i can't stand the sheer arrogance and disdain. a lot of what plein air sells is atmosphere, and apparently, they've decided that part of that atmosphere is that they're too cool for the customers.for a while, i saw this coming primarily from the managers, but some of staff seem to have picked it up too. \u00a0(rumor among students is that they barely pay minimum wage, so i guess that it's hard to blame the staff too much...but i also don't enjoy being treated like dirt.)(i also notice that they claim to be wheelchair accessible. \u00a0and they probably do meet the (low) standards of the ada. \u00a0but weelchair users should know that all but half a dozen of the tables are quite high. \u00a0if someone can't transfer from their chair to one of the tall stools, i doubt that they could sit there. \u00a0the aisles are also pretty narrow--if other patrons don't have their seats pulled all the way in, it could be tricky to navigate a power chair through.)the food and drinks were good but i found this place expensive and a little confusing. only the drink menu is prominently displayed, the food menu is on pieces on paper in a box on the wall but not very noticeable. the staff were okay but not all that friendly.best caf\u00e9 in hyde park!i recently discovered this place and i couldn't be happier!it has this organic / local produce / quality-coffee vibe with a small yet delicious breakfast and lunch menu!i had a breakfast quiche last time i visited and was impressed by the quality. everything i've ordered leans to the healthy end and has been absolutely delicious. staff is very friendly too. you can't go wrong with this place whether you're looking for breakfast, lunch, coffee or a mid-afternoon sweet.plein air is the only of its kind in hyde park, and the troves of students flooding the place on weekdays during the school year testify this.as others have noted, the place keeps a definite minimalist vibe which with whitewash counters and tables topped with air plants, and the menu speaks to much of the same. \u00a0diners enter either through the seminary coop bookstore's front or from the sideyard and order while standing at the barfront, toting a table number back with them for service.as for the food, breakfast at plein air, to me, calls for the continental breakfast complete with the most delicious biscuit available in hyde park. \u00a0the pastries and royal pies are ok, but not quite the cigar you'll find in the continental. \u00a0all the coffee drinks, in my opinion, are pretty delish. \u00a0easily the best latte in the park. \u00a0for lunch, you can't go wrong with the baguette sandwiches or the grain bowls. \u00a0they're all great, and they're perfectly satisfying.the customer service, like its architecture, is pretty minimal, as it's a quick order place and your only interactions will likely be when you order and when your food arrives, which is pretty nice if you're there to take in a little me-time with a book or dining al fresco with a group on the patio (recommended). \u00a0if crowds or time is a concern, weekends are a perfect time to go and enjoy without feeling rushed, and even ideal for a pleasant start to the weekend.amazing meatloaf. \u00a0the bread was soaked with delicious gravy and still had crunchy exterior. \u00a0i devoured it. fun interior - bright with a vintage feel.this is a great place to grab coffee or a quick bite between classes. i generally come here one to two times a week, given the proximity to harper. while it's a healthier and fresher alternative to other places on campus, it can be crowded at times, with a line that can stretch to the back of the restaurant and rude undergrads saving spots for their friends that haven't arrived (the wait staff tries to monitor this during peak hours but sometimes you have to take your own measures).for pastries, go for the biscuit. it's served warm with butter and blueberry jam and its buttery goodness is too delicious to pass up. for lunch, try their tartines or grain bowls - they're flavorful, healthy and loaded with vegetables.there must be a purpose to every act. the purpose of this review is to inform the public about the inedible properties of the sandwiches produced at this location. i have patronized this place once in the past and was left unimpressed at the plebian nature of the food served. however, i would like share an incident that happened two weeks ago: when my very good friend madeleine purchased a sandwich here. the sandwich was so hard, that it chipped her tooth. i will now illuminate how hard the bread of the sandwich was. if this bread had been at the last supper, we wouldn't have had a savior, but a jewish man with tooth ache. bread of this strength would serve as a stronger deterrent against immigrants from coming to the us than trump's proposed wall. the bread provided enormous resistance. so much, that madeleine's front left canine tooth looked like gnomes had mistaken it for marble ripe for sculpture-making and then abandoned the project realizing their mistake. the incident left madeleine looking like a lopsided dracula. when she would open her mouth, i was just as terrified as the ottoman force that once approached the real dracula's stronghold. so i warn the readers who are perusing through this review, if you are unfortunate enough to purchase sandwich at this business, be sure to check if the sandwich bends under duress. this is one material strength test that you must hope fails. many in the yelp community are for some reason obsessed with location and atmosphere. i will devote the last part of my review for this demographic. painting a piece of iron bar with golden pigment would not make the bar gold. similarly, serving mediocre food in a posh location would not change the quality of mediocre food. this is the kind of place where you would hope to seduce an atheist divinity student from portland, oregon whose patrician aspirations would be to dwell in williamsburg, brooklyn. perfect for the up and coming bourgeoisie crowd who would gawk and gape at a whole foods. \u00a0with all that being said, i hope the plein air staff realize that mediocrity of their pursuit. i urge them to work on the softness of their breads, and improve the taste of their sandwiches. plein air looks good because it is in a prime location within hyde park. plein air are like the poor mughal empire which only looked advanced because greedy east indian company twats haven't arrived yet with steel and gunpowder. better call it plain air from now.if you are into fun, hipstery, slightly overpriced food options in a cut atmosphere right here on campus, this place is pretty all of that and more. yup, adorable little spot right next to the bookstore with long tables for group dining and a nice outdoor patio space all of which fills up pretty quickly during lunch rush times on campus. and understandably so since campus lunch options nearby don't have the healthiest options really, and this place having tasty kale salads and quinoa bowls it is good brain food for anyone needing a break from work on campus!i got their quinoa bowl with a tomato curry sauce and you can tell that everything was really fresh. their pies are also super popular and they often run out i've been told, so go earlier on in the day if that is something that you want. i definitely need to come back and try and their steak and ale pie (and then hopefully split that with someone who wants the kale salad with citrus and quinoa to try and make it a little healthier ha ha) but for the area, if you can find a spot sit here, they have great coffee drinks and such, and yes it is a little pricey, but hipster food land always is :-)listen, let's talk about the house made biscuit sandwich which has egg, manchego cheese, smoked bacon. that sandwich is deeeeeelish! good! superb! everythang! the biscuit is so soft and fluffy and buttery! good, solid bacon and perfect eggs. it was well-made. my friends, it's a good sandwich. try it! it also comes with a side of potatoes which were good but the sandwich is amazing. i also had a hazelnut beignet which was pretty good. it came from la fournette as do some of their other offerings. good coffee by metric. who knew? check it out.i was so excited to hear that this place was opening up as soon as i found out they were serving royal pies from pleasant house bakery. i thought i would be here every week, enjoying those delicious pies. but i was not there every week. i was only there once.one trip to plein air cafe was enough for me. for starters, the menu is super confusing in that it is half hidden. when you enter the restaurant (right off the seminary co-op bookstore), all you see is a menu for coffee drinks. nothing else. you have to go up to the register to find the menu of pastries and other savory items. the food is good. the royal pies (i had the chicken balti) are as delicious as expected. but their service needs work. i ordered the chicken balti pie at the register and had something else (i think a salad) delivered to me instead. i stared at it for a while wondering what it was before taking it up to the register. i had to stand and wait in line again to return it as everyone moving around the service door ignored me. i found that incredibly annoying considering it was lunch rush and the line took about 10 minutes to go through.finally, my actual pie was delivered and i thought i could get some work down while i ate. wrong. the music is a weird, eclectic mix that is way too loud for the tiny room it's projected into. to make matters worse, the tables are stacked basically on top of each other so you can hear the entire conversation from the group next to you, including inflections and breaths. the overall decor is a bit confusing. some taxidermy, some cacti. to be honest, i thought they were cute until i realized there was very little room for two plates, two drinks, and the centerpieces. my friend and i spent a few minutes maneuvering everything before we could actually settle down to do work. at the end of the experience, i didn't feel the need to go back. $10+ dollars on lunch in a crowded room with loud music and very few outlets. not something worth returning for. sorry, plein air.this is an arrogant business that refuses to listen to its customers. \u00a0i have been e-mailing, asking in person, and reaching out to the owners for over a year about the total lack of sugar free, healthy items on the menu. \u00a0you would think the veggies and quinoa would be okay, but they do add sugar, and this means a no go for me. \u00a0they also fail to understand the need for unsweetened (no sugar added) non-dairy alternatives for decaf lattes. \u00a0at first they promised a quick fix, but after waiting in a long line three times the following months, i found that they had not even heard of the problem or addressed it. \u00a0sugar free soy and almond milk are now standard everywhere else in town, but hyde park is a pathetic vortex of food evil filled with ignorant business owners and managers who do not know how to read the back label on a box of food. \u00a0shame on soo choi and kevin heisner for not even reading their e-mail or responding. \u00a0plein air has the potential to be better, but if i could give negative stars, i gladly would.very fresh ingredients, but a bit on the pricey side. overall all four in my party were satisfied. we all ordered lunch entrees. very nice atmosphere.disappointing customer service!!! \u00a0bring your patience and thickskinned. \u00a0i ordered as take out a bowl of oatmeal and after 10 minutes of waiting i asked about it. \u00a0woman working the coffee machine responds that i have to \"wait my turn\"; quite unnecessary and snarky.plein air is a great caf\u00e9.the ambiance is pleasant. there's a good white noise level for my study habits, all the seating is pretty comfy, and there's a large outdoor area.you can spend $12 on a small lunch here but you don't need to- there are good $7 options if cost is a hang-up, and pastries are less expensive than at starbucks. anyway it's all lovingly made with good ingredients from local food makers. free mineral water is a perk, and they brew coffee in many different ways.service is quick and friendly. support these guys!woah this place is soooooo cool. as a northwestern student i can't believe u chicago has such an amazing establishment. their chocolate brioche was dry. my friend got the prosciutto sandwich and it was pretty delicious besides the fact that the bread was also a little dry. love the vibe though, keep it up.coffee was fine but the service was unfriendly and pretentious. i prefer my coffee with cream and no attitude, thanks.my spouse and i are vegan and we selected this place as it has vegan options. however, when our group of seven arrived around 6:30pm i was informed that the vegan options are only available from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm (this is not on their website). if you are vegan i guess you have to only eat lunch or in our case will go elsewhere so we can have a meal with friends. the standard line of we can make you a salad without the cheese is not acceptable. the members of our party that did get sandwiches were told you couldn't get some things left off or added as all of the sandwiches came pre-made, uckk.conveniently oriented next to frank lloyd wright's robie house, plein air cafe invites you in. \u00a0after buying my ticket for the tour, i seized the opportunity to grab brunch, to my pleasant surprise!having lived in europe, i was pleased by nostalgia & strong contrasts in the cafe. \u00a0cottage, industrial & minimalist combine for an inviting, warm atmosphere. three taxidermy art pieces complement the warm wood table tops & starkly contrast with the cool industrial pipes & chairs. contrast is compelling!quiche with ham & gruyere cheese, together with a very flakey crust & ethereal egg custard, accompanied with mixed greens & a very light vinaigrette satisfied my sunday wedding reception recovery & with water. then the raspberry beignets & english breakfast tea steeped exactly for 4.5 minutes, made my day!what appealed to me besides the perfect location & cool decor was the welcoming ambiance. from the butcher block table tops on industrial pipes, to the hooks for my messenger bag, to the courteous wait staff, plein air cafe is home to professors, neighbors, students, tourists & wanderers.i chose to sit at one of the two long tables with a taxidermy bird perched under a glass cloche. when three professors joined me, the bird gave us a great ice breaker discussion. \u00a0we even discussed the wall display of a red tailed fox, as having been caught in the hen house.overall, the ambiance, convenience, delicious offerings & garden view beckoned. window service & self-busing make sense in this venue. plein air cafe is a great stop for frank lloyd wright fans!what a neat little place to eat. while roaming chicago, i needed something to eat while touring the campus. plein air did not disappoint. the ambiance is really neat. think clean and modern mixed with antiques and taxidermy.my only warning is not to go to plein air when you're in a hurry as the line can be long and the food takes a little while to arrive.this place is pretty cute with indoor and outdoor seating and a great view of robie house from wherever! it's a small space indoors and tends to have a long line - the line stayed pretty long for the hour and a half that i spent here. i loved the hot chocolate: not too milky, but sweet. a lot of people do their work/studying here, but it can be loud so i wouldn't recommend it if you're a quiet study person. the food was just okay to me. i ordered the seasonal omelette, which comes with potatoes with spices on them. the omelet itself had a lot of cheese, so someone else might like it better! service is slow and the staff don't really talk to you, but it's a good place to come in and try at some point.amazing cafe! so glad i found this place and that it happens to be a block away from where i keep busy.i'm a sucker for their vanilla lattes and pretty much anything on their menu. i've tried a few the following and i'd gladly order them again: spinach pies, homemade biscuit breakfast sandwiches, and prosciutto & manchego baguette with house made fig jam. they're almost 5-star worthy except for two things:(1) a bit pricey so hard to budget daily trips although the quality is obvious across their menu(2) one time they gave me a regular latte when i ordered a vanilla lattedespite my pettiness, this is a great establishment and you should check it out!really great place: great food and coffee, one of the only really nice places to eat outside with a beautiful outdoor area, friendly staff, nice owner.sometimes i forget why i hate plein air and i decide to come back for the vegetable sandwich thing, which is pretty delicious. once i get inside though i remember that everything about the place is pretentious and overpriced and i feel like puking. don't come here unless it's like 3 pm and your parents are paying and you want to talk about hillary or eugenics.attractive people in drab sweaters and dark pants sharing a communal table. lots of good natural light, gorgeous location underneath a tree next to the robie house. food is great, portions are small and it is pretty expensive. bubbly water on tap is a great addition. like the marble and black theme. you're going to be bumping elbows a ton at lunch time, but go next door and buy a book. delicious pastries, great lattes. dreamy and cramped.this is my new favorite coffee shop/ study spot. the coffee and tea is awesome, but so are the baked goods and their full menu of breakfast and lunch. my favorites have to be the hazelnut beignet with an americano (or any espresso drink for that matter) for the morning--or their mushroom kale pie for lunch. they also have serve yourself water which has both still and sparkling. if you like a mild hum and a great mix of indie/oldies rock music (which has to be my favorite combo), this is likely even a good place to bring a book or coursework. when i heard the shins come on, i knew it was going to be my go-to spot near uchicago.coffee is good, the atmosphere is nice and good for working and people who go to the coffeeshop tend to be very friendly. definitely coming backfirst of all, they have all you want self-serve seltzer water. i loved that. \u00a0secondly, you can sit and eat and look at the backside of frank lloyd wright's robie house, which is right nextdoor. \u00a0can't beat that. then, they have really good coffees. i had a first-rate latte. \u00a0so the food just has to be decent...and it was. i had steel cut oatmeal, well-prepared and presented. what a nice place to eat. would be happy to go there anytime!love the atmosphere here a lot! unlike other reviewers i don't have any problems with the service here. this place is also wonderful for people who seek some nice and quiet time being by themselves. you won't find it uncomfortable at all coming here alone. i would only suggest staying away from ordering anything with baguettes if you are new to this place. i might have come on the wrong day but i didn't like the chicken baguette at all - the bread just tasted like rubber:/as a grad student at u of c i've been here a number of times. i want to like the place... hyde park desperately needs caf\u00e9s with cool vibes and decent food and study space. this place provides all three, but i find myself avoiding it anyway because i can't stand the customer service. i'm talking about multiple occasions when the staff has been extremely unaccommodating to the point of rudeness. i'd rather go to one of the student run places on campus than pay twice as much to be scowled at by the servers because they serve slightly higher quality food.plein air is a perfect place to refuel and recharge midday. if the weather is nice, it has a great courtyard, to relax, but quiet enough to get things done. also, if you are showing off campus, your people can walk the bookstore while you prepare for class.i love this little cafe. their food is great, the atmosphere is peaceful and kind of euro, and they have won my heart by having sparkling water on tap. plus they have these biscuits with jam and butter that are a simple and delicious breakfast treat. they have your typical coffee shop offerings as well as a sort of small but really delicious breakfast and lunch menu. i highly recommend stopping by here if you're near u chicago's campus, especially if the weather is nice as their outdoor patio is really wonderful.most coffee shops on the university of chicago campus exist in the following dichotomy: those located in dingy basements and those located in dingy attics. given that fact, it is probably no surprise that the plein air cafe has received the sort of reception it has, or so i hear; its attitude and decor are not so dissimilar from some of the eateries populating the old warehouses in the west loop (and with much commercial success, i also hear).the last time i came here for brunch it was a continental breakfast, a slice of quiche and two coffees - none of it very memorable - but let's all be honest with each other and admit it was never about the food. for those coming to hyde park from other colleges, in particular, for masters programs in the humanities, there is demand for a place to eat which is just slightly out the the price range for most milktoast-colored undergraduates and plein air is just such a place. alternatively, one should just admit that after 10 years in a phd program sipping coffee in a cafe instead of typing away in a computer lab that you were never that serious about art history anyway.obviously, for a bong-smoking lolcat, this is not my scene - though the taxidermy animals don't help either. i'll take my coffee to go in a $1 giant thermos from across the street and skulk back into the gray cubicle-laden land where i belong.if you somehow find something to complain about regarding this beautiful, unique cafe, i think it says more about you than this business, because it's on par with the best cafes in chicago. be a good customer, and you will usually be given great service- that is the rule in all of the good land of capitalism.i've been here half a dozen times now, and every single time- the food has been fantastic, the coffee even better, service on par with the best. the physical space is gorgeous, with plenty of natural light and in spitting distance of seminary co-op, the best bookstore in chicagoland. the space is clean, inviting, and the menu is diverse. be cognizant of the physical space you take in this highly trafficked area of a busy college campus, and you will certainly enjoy your experience at plein air.fresh food prepared to order, limited menu but very nice -- coffees, teas, lemonade, some sodas, pastries, sandwiches, soups. good for a quick bite that is healthy and delish. i had the turkey & cheese (brie-ish) on artisan bread with greens on the side. would love to try everything on the menu! next to the u of chi seminary bookstore and \u00a0 \u00a0 adjacent the historic robie house. interesting artwork.solid fan of plein air. this is the perfect place to get some casual work done, or get coffee with someone whether just for fun or for a meeting; it's ideal for nearly every college related occasion.i am a huge fan of their coffee, i've had their cappucinos, macchiatos and lattes and i've been very pleased with the quality and taste of each time. their sandwiches are decent but not great, and the pies are much better (though quite pricey for the small portion). service is friendly and speedy, and i love how they offer tap water or sparkling tap water in cute mini mason jars. just makes it an overall very casually classy place.disappointed.people love the ambiance here. i do too, and that's only reason that i tried it twice without knowing much about the food offered there. it's right next to the robie house in hyde park. what else can you ask for? if we move it to river north, i am not so sure how long it will last though. the best part about the service here is that you have three kinds of water to select from-- hot, cold and fizzy water. it's mostly a self-serve restaurant, like chipotle, but with a higher price tag and fewer selections, and you will be advised to pay 15% or above for tip when you tap on that trendy mini ipad. i ordered the meatloaf tartine. the meatloaf did not have much flavor, and the gravy came with the meatloaf made the bread too mushy. not the best $12 lunch i have had.be aware! the corner table is reserved for a group of 4 or 4+. the warning note placed on the table is tiny. so you can easily miss it. if you accidentally sit there, you will be asked to move.i came to plein air cafe last week with my a colleague, and i was pleasantly surprised. hyde park is definitely coming up in the world as far as more restaurants, bars and entertainment. it's nice to know this place exist and it's so close to university of chicago campus.  at any rate, plein air cafe reminded me of antique taco for the decorations. it's very antique-like, shabby chic decorated with a chill vibe (or very country hipster--and yes, i just invented that word but it fits). they offer a variety of pastries, coffees, teas, salads, sandwiches and pies. i decided to check out the meat pies (a fancy pot pie) because per yelp they seemed highly recommended. i ordered the kale pie, and it was delicious! inside the pie, was a marriage of flavors. it had kale, herbs, parmesan cheese and white wine sauce. beyond fabulous. i did not leave one crumb on the plate. if you are a meat eater and you order this dish---there won't be a minute where you miss the meat. the crust of the pie was heavenly as well. the crust is buttery, flaky, soft inside yet crunchy outside. \u00a0the pie comes with a small serving of field greens \u00a0that are lightly dressed in balsamic. the pies seem petite but they are very deep (or high in height) and it's pretty filling. my friend order the goat cheese sandwich on a baguette which was also served with field greens. it looked very delicious as well. in addition, they have a water station where you can decide between \"still\", \"chilled\", and \"sparkling\" water which is quite fancy. i'd definitely return back to plein air cafe.first and foremost, this place is huge! that alone made me a fan within seconds. it does a brisk business and yet there's always seating to be had. the staff is very nice and accommodating, the space is well-maintained, and the coffee and sandwiches are good, and very fairly priced. the only complaint i had, and it's minor, is the donut. not that good. frosting, yes. but the rest of it was a little tasteless. but that's small stuff. robust is well worth a visit. at least three times a week, i bike down from the north side to somewhere on the south side or western suburbs for exercise and exploration, then work remotely, so i'll be coming in all fall and winter. this place is a keeper. pro-tip: it will get a little loud during the bottom of the 3:00 hour when a lot of kids roll in rom one of the local schools. they're fine overall, but they are teenagers, so they're going to be a little loud. but the vast majority of them take their food to go, so it's a mild annoyance at worst.i love this coffee shop because it's a nice place where i am able to get my work done when i want to get out the house. my only disappointment is that they are frequently out of chai tea when i visit in the afternoons. they also have a pretty good selection of sandwiches and small salads.i see based on other reviews i have to try the honey nut latte. i'll try on my next visit.robust is such a great space to work or meet up with friends.food: i like to get the bacon, egg, and cheese on an english muffin. the first time i ordered it, i ate it so fast i forgot to take a picture. lol. when i went back the second time, i remembered. they also have donuts and a variety of food (sandwiches, salads) you can order. drinks: i enjoy their berry smoothie. the first time i went, i ordered the honey nut latte. it was decent, but i prefer to go to robust for the food and the space. space: robust is huge. there is a ton of space in the front and the back. you never feel too closed in next to someone \u00a0else. the cafe has nice big windows which lets in a lot of natural light. service: the service is always good. the baristas and cashiers are always kind, and provide good service. i definitely recommend going to robust. if i lived closer i would definitely be a regular.so happy this gem is in my neighborhood. i've been coming here for about 3 years. i can enjoy robust even when i'm working from home because they deliver! we love the breakfast sandwich and brisket grilled cheese.let's spend a second dreaming about that honey nut latte. holy delicious! who knew coffee, almond milk and honey could be so perfect?! i will say, it is a bit pricey at almost $5.50, but as a very occasional treat, 100% worth it! while i was there i also (calorically, not monetarily) splurged on an amazing double chocolate cake donut. i had to remind myself that i was in public and need not inhale it. their drinks and sweets are so on point at robust. pro-tip: between 6am-8am all food is 50%!the only downfall is not everyone that works there is kind or efficient. they typically have one person working cash register (and serving simple black coffee) and one person making all of the other drinks, so if you snoozed, you're losing, because you might be 10th in line even at 7:30am! .... totally worth it though for that honey nut latte and donut :)cute little shop in hyde park. i ordered a croissant and coffee which i really enjoyed. inside looks really trendy for anyone that cares about aesthetics. check this place out if you haven't.stopped in because need a pick me up. their speciality is the mocha diablo..it is espresso, milk and the in house diablo syrup. i did almond milk instead of regular milk. i will say that the diablo is the bomb! it's the right hint of spicy and also not too sweet. they also have an assortment of pastries but i didn't try any..if you want a cute little coffee shop i think robust will provide.this place has gone so far downhill i can hardly believe it. was once my go-to in the area for a mocha, and occasionally a breakfast croissant or a grilled cheese. between the worsening staff, the constant array of bugs and occasional mice, and the food now struggling to meet mediocre quality, there's no longer much reason to come here at all. the staff used to be friendly and fun! their reward card is a joke as well-- i got large drinks every time i came here. fill up the reward card and you get a small (ridiculously small) drink. i asked if i could pay the difference and get my large-- 70 cents more than the small. the reply should have been no problem, you're a regular customer, we'll cover that 70 cents. instead it was \"reward card upgrades cost a dollar.\" i pointed out that the price difference was less than that, and the rude girl just repeated herself. if you all don't give a shit about your customers-- let alone the ones that are here 4-5 times a week-- then screw this place.i've been going to robust for 6 years now. \u00a0it continually has gotten worse and worse. \u00a0the mochas are more foam than liquid now like a cappuccino. \u00a0i understand it happening once or twice, but it's been several times now. i'm not paying $5 for foam. \u00a0a sandwich, chip, and pop are always over $10 and the wait to get the sandwich is often near 10 minutes. this is acceptable if the food is unique or good, but the food is rather mediocre and not worth the price. starbucks is about a mile north on woodlawn, i might have to start travelling there for my caffeine kick.interesting!!! this is a college district, so i would image things would be cheaper - i guess not. came here with a friend, just so happens the same sandwich caught both our eyes - the brisket grilled cheese...yum! \u00a0although it was very tasty, i don't think i'd come back. the price of $9.37 for a grilled cheese with a few shredded pieces of beef with no fries/chips or a drink...that's super expensive. my friend's total came to $15.37, she ordered a small coffee which btw is $5.50. \u00a0it's another $1.75 to upgrade it wasn't worth it. \u00a0also, i would image this venue is relatively new, the space is nice and it seats a great number of people, but the seats are horrible. they're all taped up and sunken in. i'm not sitting on that, gross!!best coffee house bar in south side chicago. very nice friendly baristas. their caramel frappe is the best! its way better than starbucks & dunkin' donuts! i love the atmosphere. it's very chilling in there. i live in highland indiana, and i be taking the cta stony island bus getting off at 63rd and take 10 minute walk to 63rd & woodlawn. my buddy recommended me this coffee shop. the area is little rough, but this coffee shop is a must stop. i'll be coming back once in the while. keep up the good work right here. i will continue to supporting this place!not the friendliest baristas or the best tasting coffee. i guess they get points for the solid pastries and sandwiches. i actively look to support small local businesses and i want robust coffee to succeed. their long-term success will coincide with a stronger focus on customer service. they have a really cool space, they just need to hire staff to better represent the business.i love their half off breakfast deal from 6-8. robust bowl with sausage is my favorite. they also have many options for lunch items and i've recently had one of their newest salads (chopped bellview salad). delicious!!!! i do have to say i enjoy coming here after 9ish since it can be really busy for the half off breakfast deal and a little noisy because of the school kids.i don't come to robust often, mostly because it's a bit out of the way from everything else around the hyde park/woodlawn area. buuut, when i do come, i am never disappointed. i'm not a coffee drinker (although i hear their coffee is incredible), but i do like hot chocolate. and their white hot chocolate is the absolute best. during the winter, i am willing to walk a mile and a half in 15 degree weather down from my apartment just to satisfy my robust craving. in the summers, i get their lemonades which are also great.the apple fritters--divine. the donuts--delicious.this place is a hidden gem, and it's great for the flourishing community in the woodlawn area. there is always street parking and is a 15 min walk away from the uchicago campus.great coffee and the food is even better.. not the best area to hang around in but all in all it's worth it.quick tip: when ordering the elvis be sure they don't water it down or skimp out on the peanut butter...love love love! great coffee and atmosphere. try the breve iced with an extra espresso shot - my go to. best part... parking is always available! the only con is it is a bit pricey but typical for a great coffee shop. the employees are super friendly too!friendly staff and really good coffee. i had a tuna melt and i was very pleased with it. it was fresh and it came with candy. i didn't know it was going to have candy, so that was an neat surprise. i also like the location. i work in that area and usually get dunkin donuts by the train. i had extra time and was further down 63rd and found this place. note: they made a mistake on one of my orders, \u00a0but were so nice and handled things well. major props for that.this is my favorite coffee house. \u00a0the staff is always pleasant, patient and helpful. it's my go to for coffee, remote office, quick bites or just to see a smiling face.i was in town a couple of weeks ago staying in the area and heard this place was worth a try so we ordered for delivery. got our food pretty quickly, the french toast was really good and definitely a good recommendation. definitely recommend this place.there are two rooms here: an airy one with lots of windows on the corner, and a cosier one where lots of men are playing chess. the regular coffee is pretty good, and comes in a very large mug. apparently the breakfast sandwiches are also good. we got a grilled cheese without the bacon, and a bagel sandwich. both were good (especially the grilled cheese), and we appreciated that the server confirmed that it was a grilled cheese without bacon when serving it. the mudslide was fun for being so decadent, but i didn't actually love it, though i can't say exactly why. next time i might just get a donut.very nice place. i ordered the banana bread french toast, very tasty. they have a nice size menu. can't wait to return to try other things on the menu.robust needs to take care of its respect for the local neighborhood asap. i have been there multiple times and seen the management behave incredibly inappropriately towards local hs students. students cannot be told to their face they are \"good kids\" or \"bad kids.\" the owner is especially disrespectful about this situation. it needs to be remedied right away.my children have been long time patrons of robust coffee because it is within walking distance from their school however the lack of respect and appreciation for the students and staff who are the main contributors to their success is unacceptable.if you want to be treated like crap and experience the neighborhood teenagers being treated like worse than crap, come here. \u00a0i work in the neighborhood and have never experienced such poor service (20 minute wait for a bagel, old veggies with their hummus plate, wrong items in the order). it's one thing to treat me poorly (i have a car and can go elsewhere easily), but a completely different story when you're just plain disrespectful to the young people who go to the high school just down the block. you would think they would join forces with the school, but from what i have witnessed, they are just plain evil to the kids for no reason other than they are kids. \u00a0be sure to bring a fat wallet. you don't get out of here cheap.oh my goodness. great vibe, great food, robust coffee. chill vibe, spacious, great place for meetings. highly recommend checking out this spot!why? just why does the music need to be blasted so loud like i'm in an 80's nightclub? thank goodness i had headphones but i could still hear it. i asked the cashier, with my fingers close together in a pinch gesture could the music be turned down just a teensy bit. she said \"i guess we can turn it down a little. it's probably not as loud in the back.\" i explained that i was meeting someone who was already set up in the front. but guess what? i had already thought of that solution but i could still hear it back there so that's actually why i asked could they turn it down. i don't understand why the volume had to be so loud when most people were working or trying to have conversations. and a request, not to turn it off because that would be kinda ridiculous, but to turn it down just a little, was not even honored. i think atlantic starr or evelyn champagne king was playing just as loud if not louder as i sat there. ugh i used to like this place.nice space. staff are ok, some friendly some not. first time i went they apologized for taking so long. second time took really long too, but this time i got attitude for asking. i hope they fix the speed. i personally won't find out.this is a perfect little coffee spot with so much more to offer than just coffee. although there can be a wait it's sooo worth it for anything on their menu. their coffee selection is extensive, their smoothie options are great, but the best part are the milkshakes here. cannot recommend the oreo shake enough! it's a perfect blend of oreos and ice cream not making it overwhelming sweet. and the espresso milkshake comes in second best.this is one of my new favorite spots! \u00a0the coffee is good (i drink mine black) and the lox & bagel was really tasty! \u00a0the music was mellow and i was able to have a wonderful conversation with my friend. \u00a0i will definitely be back. \u00a0the atmosphere was beyond inviting!great coffee shop with a very authentic menu. the non coffee drinks are really refreshing and crisp. if you are looking to do work i highly suggest going here. they have a ton of space and uber friendly folks.tldr:- 2 stars off for sub par coffee.- 1 star off for pretentious barista.- 2 stars for being a local business and pricing. long story:i was driving by this place just after 7am and i wanted a cup of coffee so i tried looking inside and i didn't see anyone, and there was no open sign, so i parked and went in anyways. it was open. so i ordered a large mocha with an extra shot because their large mochas only come with 2 shots apparently. so i told the barista \"hey you guys should think about getting an open sign, as i just saw someone else drive by slowly looking inside to see if you were open.\" barista replies, \"no i don't think so. our regular customers know when we are open.\" i respond \"it was just a suggestion\"thanks for the pretentiousness, but if you want to run a business then you should make new customers feel welcome. this isn't a social club. if i had gone to starbucks instead at 7am you would know it was open because there would be so many people.finally i get the coffee and it tastes like chocolate milk. even though it's cheaper than starbucks you have to add enough espresso shots to make it more than starbucks. maybe he didn't put my extra shot, or any espresso at all. there was no other people there so that's not an excuse. maybe business is booming other times, but it wasn't looking so good when i went. i guess the starbucks at the hospital i work at will do.i'm not sure what the hype is about. \u00a0i got their latte and it tastes like coffee flavored milk.the food was good. but for $36 the portions were so small and not worth the price paid. the food was hot and made correctly. the best part of the meal was the over sized lemonade but this is not an experience i would pay for again.great little community coffee shop. love the vibes and the friendly staff. excited this is walking distance from home! :)this is probably my favorite place to eat in the area for a quick fix up and decent coffee. a bit pricey, but their sandwiches are awesome. especially their grilled cheese and bacon. perfect if you're in the area and need a quick bite. would give a 5, but the prices are to steep.they need to polish up on the customer service.... ordered online and they made the order incorrectly. tried to get it corrected but some guy claiming to be the owner was a real douche bag with zero people skills. the owner literally told me f-u-c-k you when i objected to his rude tone regarding an order they made incorrectly. he hung up in my face and i had to call 5 times to find out how to get my order correct, so i asked if i needed to come over there and he said he'd call the police and knows what my address is. he scolded me and said i need to listen to him. at that point i said to him you are clearly a racist. he kept saying i don't know what your race is and i said you are a white man and you know i am black and would never talk to a white customer this way. i finally got a refund from doordash after he refused to give the new dasher a remake of my order.... he told her i was an a-s-s-h-o-l-e and they were not remaking my order. i guess blacks who live south of his shop don't deserve customer service or respect. hey man don't let those ratings go to your head.... you can still go out of business if you keep being a jerk!i have always been wondering if there was any good coffee shop around the university of chicago. \u00a0back in january this year, my yelp elite friends, eva. s and jen b. (hi, girls) showed me this indie coffee shop passport. \u00a0robust coffee lounge in woodlawn was on the list. \u00a0i finally made it here with daddy j. \u00a0rcl technically isn't \"on\" campus, but it's south of uc border on the southwest corner of woodlawn and 63rd. \u00a0their coffee is reasonably-priced. \u00a0for $8 and some change, we had a large, bold, and wake-me-up americano and a large, mildly-spiced, calm-me-down diablo mocha. \u00a0i actually like this place a lot for these following reasons:1) free working wifi2) bright lighting through large windows3) plenty of seating for solo and group travelers4) friendly service 5) good selections of books, magazines, and newspapers they accept major credit cards (not sure about the minimum purchase). \u00a0it's also accessible via #63 bus (with a seasonal service east to the 63rd. st. beach).ok, now i'm done with the review. \u00a0it's time for me to space out at rcl...this is my first review in years! just moved to chicago and had to review this place. \u00a0the coffee is smooth and strong. the smoothie are made with honest to god real fruit (unlike some places i've noticed claim are made with real fruit but it's just syrup). \u00a0the coffee comes in xxl which is like a large soda at the movie theater. \u00a0yes ma'am sign me up!the food is great too with vegan/vegitarian options.this is my snow day destination! \u00a0cozy and friendly with a delicious assortment of sandwiches and baked goods. \u00a0hot coffee and delicious coffee drinks as well.love this coffee shop in woodlawn. breakfast sandwiches are perfect hangover food. the space is really creative and unique.i wrote one review sharing how disappointed i was in the breakfast bowl i ordered (5.17.16). since then, i found out that the advertising for the coffee shake is false. the sign says \"cold brewed coffee, cinnamon, almond milk\". the reality is that they use a coffee mix from a packet that contains tons of sugar, saturated fat, and preservatives. one serving is half the packet, but they put the whole packet in for one shake, meaning the calories start at about 500 just for the mix. the \"cinnamon\" is a syrup, adding more sugar to the drink.at least starbucks is honest about their ingredients for a comparable drink, the coffee frappucino. and, starbucks ingredients are better for my health. a coffee shop needs to serve real coffee. there's absolutely no excuse for using a cheap mix.robust coffee is lying to customers and lagging behind starbucks for coffee quality. i won't be going back, and am considering contacting the better business bureau regarding their misrepresentation of the product ingredients.i like this coffee lounge since my kiddo goes to school right next door. i also work in the area, so if the lines aren't very long i love to come in for a hot cup of dark roasted coffee and a pastry to go. it always smells amazing when you walk in. you aren't always greeted with a big smile but the service is always polite and accurate. the menu is just the right size, i hate large menus since i'm so indecisive, but they cover pretty much all the basics from sandwiches to shakes. the place itself always seems to be clean and organized. the environment is mixed, from folks coming in to have a quick business meeting to those just grabbing a snack while they wait for the bus. it's literally a gem for the woodlawn area. they also have the little stamp cards, so if you frequent often you can get a free drink! most small cafes don't offer this, but that's a perk that keeps me coming back. i love the 63rd turkey club, don't change a thing about it. i haven't been able to enjoy a lot of other options since i'm a busy mom and always on the go, but i can't wait to try their little breakfast bowl. i hate seeing people tear small business apart on yelp and other reviews sites. next time try speaking with the owner or manager first before trying to \"hit them where it hurts\". i'm a native of the hyde park/woodlawn area and have worked over here for years, in restaurants, business offices, you name it! small business owners are more likely to hear your opinion, even if they don't agree they will always hear you out and address any issues you may have. the owner is a very nice guy. :)this cafe has the worst customer service ever. my daughter purchased something to eat and was told to eat it outside. the employee here along with the owner talks to people as if we're nothing. thumbs downbeen coming here a couple of times per month. really liked it - great coffee choices and interesting and tasty sandwiches. a recent service experience put this place and its people at the top. was meeting someone to transact some biz. bought some items including a pound of blue heeler coffee. like a dope i took off without my bag of joe. i came back 10 days later, took a flyer and asked if they had it. snap snap the young lady retrieves it from the display case with a note on it \"coming back for me\". how great is that?! small things done right are so uplifting. thanks robust.great coffee teas and sandwiches! chill atmosphere too. moderate sandwich service speed though.i'm angry it took me so long to find out about this place! i had the breakfast bowl which was fresh and delicious. the vibe is very inviting and chic all while still being authentic to the neighborhood. i really enjoyed my breakfast and will def be back for dinner!good coffee and a decent place to work or meet. i think they would have decent food based on the coffee and what things looked like, but i didn't try anything. definitely next time i'm down there.love this place! food is great....coffee is even better. it's a great place to have a small meeting or come and catch up on reading/work. i have had the tuna melt and several breakfast sandwiches (it's an addiction ). the staff is friendly and it's clean.never. ever. coming back here. since i cant delete. here. 5 stars. my review is too short and yelp want to make it a tip to others.i come here a lot because of its proximity to my workplace--sometimes on the clock and sometimes not, depending. in the 25 or so times that i've been to robust, i've tried a lot of the menu and i have also had a lot of different interactions with different staff. i have not had a particularly consistent experience here, which is why i have held off on a review. i've had some five-star customer service experiences and some two-star customer dr vide experiences. i've had some five-star food and some two-star food. i'm going to focus instead on my overall experience, including the sum of 25 visits to robust. overall, robust is an excellent addition to the woodlawn community. it's located conveniently right on the corner and it's a meeting place for lifelong residents of the community, as well as university of chicago staff and students who want to venture a little off the beaten path off campus. uniform-clad school children can frequently be found here enjoying a snack or beverage after school hours. the diversity of customers at robust is great and adds to the welcoming atmosphere.the service can be hit or miss. some of the staff are incredibly kind, patient, and friendly, while others are fairly negligent and inattenive. my orders are messed up maybe 35% of the time, which is not the best. i have had my order forgotten more than a few times. sometimes, the staff are really apologetic and offer to give me extra flavor or a bigger size to compensate. sometimes, they barely bat an eyelash. i've tried maybe half of the menu items, including blended drinks like the oreo madness, smoothies like the almond milk, banana, chai, food items like the grilled cheese and hummus platter, the mocha diablo, pumpkin spice latte, gingerbread latte, etc. so, why the four-star rating? at the end of the day, i know i can count on robust to be a cozy haven--a true gem in woodlawn. robust has a great atmosphere, acceptable drinks/food/prices, and (most importantly, for me) seating, outlets, and wifi. seriously, i have never not been able to find a seat or outlet here and that is the most important thing! i will continue to be a happy customer at robust as long as i work in woodlawn.had a bacon egg an cheese sandwich on a croissant it was hot and fresh love this neighborhood spot for quick fresh sandwich an coffeei'm in this area every few months, but i just noticed this cafe today. i was very impressed with the spaciousness and decor. it was very inviting and seems like a great place to so work or study. the staff were very friendly and accommodating. i had the infamous mocha diablo and i must say that the coffee was enjoyable and had a nice kick to it. i wasn't impressed with their glazed donut though; it was bland and had aftertaste. they had a large selection of donuts so i would bet that the other donuts taste better.i absolutely love this place! it is a hidden gem. the drinks are just perfect. the food is amazing! i love it when i get a chance to stop by here. the staff is super friendly and the vibe is just so chill and calm. what a great spot!stellar coffee and fast and kind customer service! everyone there is so incredibly nice. i love that the space is so large and there are different areas that all give off a different ambiance for however you are feeling. strong wifi, great music, nice lighting and a printing station too! the tuna melt and the 63rd street salad (because of the homemade ranch) were my favorites. this is definitely going to be a new favorite spot.today was my first time and i have the say the experience was very delightful. the cashier was very knowledgeable about their product. she gave me her opinion on what she like which i liked allot. the prices are reasonable to me and the atmosphere was peaceful. \u00a0my daughter and brother said they loved the favor lemonade, camel crunch to me was delicious, and my lox sandwich was great. i will definitely return. i recommend you try it .once, a long time ago and in a suburb far, far away, i accidentally put in about a teaspoon of honey in my newly-purchased dark roast coffee. i chalked this up to an \"oops\" and quickly grabbed the simple syrup bottle instead.so when robust coffee lounge comes along and intentionally sells me a \"honey nut latte\", you've caught my attention. and i wasn't sure if it was in a good way, or a bad way.short answer: in a good way. the honey and rich coffee work together really well, actually, with the flavors complementing each other and not conflicting. the \"nut\" part of the drink (probably almond syrup) was a nice touch, and i think that was what made the whole thing quite sweet. it's an excellent iced coffee, with a rich sweetness. and it was perfect for a post-run drink. it's a nice place to hang out in, to boot. woodlawn has a fine coffee shop in its borders.i went on a tuesday morning at about 10am. they had a steady flow of customers. when we were about to order someone came and told the cashier there was only one order of grits left. my daughter ordered the breakfast bowl, which includes grits. i wanted a bowl but ordered a sandwich. we also got banana bread french toast. she got an oreo drink and i got the mocha diablo. after waiting about ten minutes. someone comes to the table and tells us they are out of grits. so she changed to a sandwich. nobody mentioned refunding the difference. the oreo blended drink was underwhelming. the mocha diablo was very good. the banana bread french toast was ok. the breakfast sandwiches were ok. if you're looking to meet-up with someone or hang around on your laptop or phone it's a very nice laid-back spot. i was interested in food. maybe the lunch sandwich experience is better.the breakfast sandwich is amazing, i went there for the first time today and asked what they suggested usually when i ask what people suggest they suggest the pricey stuff on the menu. but when i robust they suggested on of the cheaper items and it was amazing they really know what there find i'm looking forward to coming backthe banana bread french toast is great! \u00a0i am also a huge fan of the egg, bacon, cheese, and avocado croissant. \u00a0during the busiest times, i have still never waited more than 10 minutes. \u00a0i am so happy to have this business in woodlawn!for someone who studies so close, it's a shame that i hadn't visited robust more often. this cafe is thankfully relatively not crowded and mostly devoid of students so it's a lovely escape from academia. it's a relatively small place but that adds to it's charm. numerous tables near outlets and free wifi make this an excellent place to do work beyond the confines of a library. it's a lot quieter than a starbucks, even with music playing, their coffee is excellent and decently priced. but lemme tell you about their rueben: a+. just the right amount of corned need and cabbage. so delicious. i'm actually sad that i have been living so long without it. if you're in the area, come on by. you won't regret it.in search of good coffee & in support of small business i came across this place! excited to try and be blown away by their robust coffee i was certainly blown away by the price . their small coffee only has 1 espresso shot where as other places i have visited there are 2 espresso shots which is why i had to pay extra for a small 12 oz coffee. the coffee was great the beans made a great vanilla latte. would i stop by again ... maybe not but if you're willing to pay 5 and some change for a small coffee then be my guest ! staff making the coffee was not very friendly i said thank you and have a good day and he just looked at me with dislike .despite having lived within walking distance to robust for the past year, i never made the short trek there to try it out before now. what a mistake! this spot has delicious food, plenty of seating, and fantastic music playing to liven up the atmosphere. this is a very sunny spot that is perfect for grabbing lunch with a friend or for studying. they have a great selection of sandwiches for lunch- i had the roast beef, which came on an onion roll and was very tasty! i can't wait to come back here again and try out the many yummy-looking pastries and cakes they have on display!i really like this place. the decor inside is really cool. the staff is friendly and the food is good! i like to go here, grab a bite and get some work done. it's a woodlawn area gem. -- only problem i've had was the nearby school let out and the students piled inside,and were rather noisy. not sure if that's a regular thing or only in the winter, nonetheless i'm still a customer.i love coming here to study but it seems like the bathroom is never clean. also the floor in the back part of the shop is really dirty. if it's not going to be cleaned everyday at least aim for every other day.what an awesome place. \u00a0the vibe there is always right. \u00a0they have a very strong and delicious menu too. \u00a0best of luck to derrick and jake!robust coffee is my favorite hyde park-area coffee shop. in order: 4. sip & savor3. bridgeport coffee2. greenline (woodlawn location)1. robust coffeetheir honey nut latte is delicious and i absolutely love the homemade biscuits and gravy, too.my goto morning coffee and donut shop! in the woodlawn community, mostly utilized by university of chicago students and staff. nice place to study, work, or read. staff members are friendly and invitingreally nice neighborhood spot for quick and tasty food and coffee. staff is extremely friendly and the place is clean and eclecticwhat a cool new place i happened to stumble upon! i loved the atmosphere of the place and the coffee and food is delicious too. i'm glad i found a great new coffee spot in the neighborhood. perfect place to come for breakfast or lunch or if you're a student it seems like a great place to study or hangout with your friends. i am most definitely coming back here whenever i can. we need more cool cafes in the area and robust helps! their menu is pretty diverse too i couldn't figure out what i wanted everything seemed so good, from sweet oreo waffles to a breakfast bowl and anything in between. i decided to build my own breakfast sandwich which was a sausage egg and cheese with avocado on a croissant roll, with a dark chocolate mocha to go with it. delicious! you will not be disappointed.i just had one of the worst customer service experiences. i placed an order over the phone for two breakfast sandwiches and a shake @ robust coffee lounge on 63rd and woodlawn. upon arrival i was informed that they don't take bills higher than $20. now see this is bs starts. the cashier goes and ask the (white) manager, owner, whatever he was if he could expect my c-note. he looks at me with this jacked up expression on his face then tells her no. i felt some kind of way about the look he gave me. then the cashier proceeds to inform me there's a gas station 4 blocks away where i could get change. to make a long story short. i come back and my food is cold, shake melted and i'm hot and pissed off not to mention now i have to wait in line. moral of the story is, if had been a doctor from up the street at the university with a lab coat on i bet it wouldn't have been a problem. nowhere in the establishment is it posted that they don't except large bills so how the hell can you not honor my cash. i will never set foot in this place again. don't get me wrong, i love their food but it's not worth the humiliation i received this morning.don't get me wrong i really like this coffee shop but the wait for food is excruciating ! if you're in a rush this is definitely not the place to go. however if you have time to kill you'll probably have an enjoyable experience...robust has a great selection of coffees, teas, refreshing beverages, and sandwiches (both breakfast and lunch). i was visiting my sister for a week and came here twice -- once to hang out and another time to sit and do work for a few hours. there is plenty of seating in the back room and the staff are very friendly. it's also a pretty affordable place for the quality you receive. i will be coming here for sure when i am in town.i went to robust for the first time this morning & the kids they have working the register is rude as hell!.. obviously they don't have any type of customer service. i went to starbucks earlier & ordered a drink there. on my way home my son mentioned he was hungry, so i went into robust & decided to order him a breakfast sandwich. i probably shouldn't have walked into the store with the starbucks cup but i was moving really fast. when i walked up to the register the girl rudely told me before i order i have to throw out my starbucks cup because it's a competitor. all the while a young guy stood next to her & stared at me in disgust. i told her i'm not sitting in & i just want to order to go, she rolled her eyes & said go ahead. i should've just left but seeing my child was hungry i just went ahead & spent $5.10 ( which was more than my coffee at starbucks). however i will never spend another dime in there again because even if you don't tolerate outside drinks/food in your establishment it need to be communicated in a customer friendly way. they acted as if i still wasn't spending my hard earned $ there. \u00a0i guess other coffee drinkers $ isn't wanted there. i actually worked at starbucks years ago & if someone walked to our register with a dunkin donuts cup we didn't refuse their service, what sense does that make?.. they might've wanted to drink dunkin donuts but their mate preferred starbucks. now if i would've attempted to sit at a table & eat my sandwich there with my starbucks drink then i can see the problem.i'm a fan. \u00a0good coffee, tasty sandwiches (i'm fond of breakfast sandwiches on challah), and without the hipster pretension of some other coffeeshops in the area.i once even dropped a check out of my wallet when i was there, and one of the folks working there went out of their way to find me. \u00a0it was like they viewed their customers as...people!the good:- the people behind the counter are fantastic and friendly. love them all!- great brand of coffee. - cool atmosphere- good location- comfortable- non-dairy milks available- nice selection of baked goods from a local bakery- coffee by-the-pound that they will grind for you- nice selection of smoothies- homemade \"diablo\" syrup is a sweet and spicy coffee flavour they make in house for the mocha diablo. - usually quiet, \u00a0free wifi! great to get some work done.- kid friendly, with a book shelf for reading in your down timethe bad:- non-dairy milks are all sweetened, which makes any fancy non-dairy latte too sweet after the flavouring is added.- a lot of the food is low quality pre-made mixes and packaged products (pancakes aren't fresh made batter, hummus is pre-packaged, the \"cheese\" is orange american style single slices, \u00a0breakfast condiments are just smucker's jams and pancake syrupetc. skip the food.)- blended cold drinks are made with a packet of pre-mixed artificially flavoured powders (yuck. just skip these entirely)- flavoured coffee syrups are cheap, teeth shatteringly sweet and give your latte a chemical taste. avoid the flavored coffees (with the exception of the homemade diablo syrup).i want to love robust, but i can't give 5 stars because they are lacking in quality and attention to detail. i'll keep going back though, because small local business support is important, and they're still miles better than dd or starbucks!i went here last week. i really liked the place! the coffee was very good. and the staff was incredibly nice! i highly recommend!delicious sandwiches with soft tasty bread and the best cup of coffee i have had in ages.looks like it could be a nice place but i wasn't pleased with the service....or lack thereof. we walked in to get drinks and ice cream and when i saw the menu i told my kids maybe we'd come in one day for breakfast. we stood at the counter and there was a girl making a drink. her hair was awesome but she glanced at us and said nothing. we stood around. \u00a0a guy came from the back and made eye contact, but said nothing. we stood around. the girl came over and stood there silently. no, \"hello, may i help you?\" nothing. my son wants to know if they have ice cream. \"floats.\" he asks again. i try to explain that from her response i assume they only have vanilla ice cream and some sort of flavors of soda. she remains silent. he asks if they have cookies and cream. she shakes her head. ok, he'll take a cookie. i ask what the shaken lemonade is. it's lemonade with flavors. ok. we order a lemonade. \u00a0i ask how much the boxed water is (because it's fancy and people like to charge ridiculous prices for fancy stuff) she doesn't answer. ok. \"so you want a cookie, a lemonade and a boxed water?\" no, i wanted to know how much the water is. $2. no thanks. she fresh squeezed (awesome!) the lemonade for my daughter and hands it to me. we walk out and my daughter spits the lemonade out. it's bitter. unsweetened. why not mention that? we go back in for sugar. \u00a0maybe i asked too many questions. maybe i wanted more because i'd just run 3 miles or maybe it was because i kept seeing this place and saying i was going to stop in. whatever it was, i wasn't pleased with the service. \u00a0i've had a bad week dealing with ups and comcast, i want a smile and a hello at the local coffee shop, i guess.front end staff and servers are great. manager is unprofessional. sandwiches are great on some days and just \"meh\" on others. breakfast bowls are not good. restaurant is clean. nice ambiance.nice little coffee spot but i wasn't a fan of the london fog. honestly just tasted like warm milk and tea... their sandwiches look really great though.i have this problem where i can't try any other sandwich when i go there and keep getting the blt. it is so good. i think the fresh and perfectly toasted challah bread really makes it. plus the fresh lettuce & tomato and good mayo - lettuce - tomato ratio. perfectly cooked bacon. occasionally they skimp on the bacon and could use a little more but can't complain too much it's still yumzos. mocha is good. diablo is very spicy but good. donuts are ahh-mazing.the staff is personable and they gladly accommodate my culinary eccentricities such as the everything bagel with a hard fried egg, lettuce, onion and tomato with light basil cream cheese. \u00a0the \"half-priced-after 5,\" freshly-made smoothies are a delight. \u00a0as they expand their offerings and space, they have assured me that they shall even better accommodate vegetarians. \u00a0we shall see. \u00a0in the meantime, i shall order my usual.where have i been? i live in the area and pass this location almost daily. great neighborhood spot for coffee and a light breakfast or lunch. i tried the carmel frappuccino and it was delicious. i also had a make it yourself breakfast sandwich. i'll be back!this is a gem tucked in the city of chicago. the honey nut latte tasted like honey nut cheerios. the sausage biscuit was on a real biscuit and was fantastic. hit this place up next time you are on the south side!this place is a hit or miss. let me start by saying that this place has very nice ambiance and the employees are usually courteous and polite. i usually go for there delicious breakfast sandwiches and nothing else. i've tried other menu items and i was left disappointed. their shakes and coffee drinks are diluted with a lot of milk, so save your money if you're thinking about purchasing these items. so don't set your expectations too high if you want real coffee drinks, robust doesn't have real baristas.this place beats the pants out of starbucks. \u00a0staff is very friendly and the decor is old school with industrial qualities. i would definitely suggest having a taste of the honey nut latte. this drink is an amazing warm, smooth, and just the right amount of love in a cup \u00a0to brighten any day.this place is close to where my sister lives, so we decided to get some coffee and breakfast here on a sunday morning. it was mostly empty when we arrived so we were able to order quickly. i had the robust breakfast bowl and my sister had biscuits and gravy. both hit the spot. the coffee was very good as well. what i like most is the atmosphere inside, it had a cool vibe and unique character. definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.the cappuccino could be better; was not as strong as we would have liked it to have been, though the way the establishment was designed distracted us from that. board games are shelved, and it is in fact an actual lounging spot. if you're looking for a place to study, or you're simply looking to get away for some peace of mind, i recommend stopping by.great place for studying. lots of room and everyone is super nice. their mocha is amazing. plus, the breakfast sandwich i ordered was made fresh. it was so good! my friend didn't love the mocha because she said it was too sweet, but i think a little sweetness it deserved with chocolate. she did love the apple donut though! i can't wait to return!super cute, wonderful debit always smells amazing, has an extensive menu of blended drinks as well as coffee drinks and teas, etc. came for lunch one day, got a blt didn't regret it. also they have free wifi. can't beat that.me and my boyfriend have been coming to this establishment for four months now and progressively worse. originally we fell in love with robust (63rd & woodlawn), but as time went on, the food was made with less care, brought out incorrect according to the receipt (twice), cold, and as of today, a 25 minute wait. what took the cake was what my boyfriend found in his sandwich, a rogue piece of paper. it seems as if it is a piece of deli or packing paper. that can happen to anyone, i understand. it's just \u00a0the staff this day was unapologetic. i'll probably stop by for a quick cup of coffee, but for food, that's a whole different story. side note:during the other mishaps the staff was quick to correct the problem. now, they seem unmotivated or even worse, disinterested in pleasing the customer.my favorite cafe in hyde park. i love the coffee and the cute interior. everyone is always friendly, i will continue to visit.everything here is good and made the way i like my food to taste! the grits aren't bland, the sandwiches are well balanced and the smoothies are delicious. the service is cool, i mean you don't feel like you are a part of the family lol but the prices are so reasonable for the great quality!also, the wifi is strong so it is a great place to work or study.i've been an avid fan of robust for years now. the drinks are cheap (or at least cheaper than starbucks) and i've never had a problem with my order. the sandwiches are great - my go to's are the sausage biscuit and the bbq betty. they run a variety of promotions ($5 sandwiches after a certain time, half price coffee at certain times) so check their fb page before you drop by.i've been here a couple of times. it's a great study space, as long as you don't come super early in the morning during the school year. \u00a0order the mocha diablo! also, while most people come for coffee and food, i would recommend trying their (mango) lemonade.got the grits breakfast bowl and a nutella strawberry cinnamon waffle and it was all just okay. tea with steamed milk was excellent. music when we arrived on a saturday morning was heavy metal. very kind staff changed it after i requested something more relaxing, but it slowly got more intense before it changed back to something relaxing again. a couple hours later it abruptly changed back to heavy metal so we left. overall: nice staff, forgettable food, good tea, and a nice space.a very solid neighborhood coffee shop with friendly staff and tasty food. good prices all the way around. i'm definitely sad that i don't live around the corner from them anymore. my only issue is that they are fairly slow with getting food out, which isn't great if you're on your way to work. they also don't use the highest quality ingredients in their breakfast items--very processed mixes, etc. but their sandwiches are great and reasonably priced.nice small place to get some coffee and baked goods. their sandwiches aren't bad either! definitely worth a try.i like the sandwiches. i like the coffee. i like the ambiance. i don't like the half ass, unbothered demeanor of some of the staff. p.s. don't ask to get your sandwich cut after they send it out. you will be directed to the plastic knives near the condiment stand. yes, i know i'm being petty. but it's the principle!quirky, independent local establishment that is great for coming with friends for unique breakfast combinations. whenever i'm in chicago my friends and i come here after mass. try the bacon waffles!i was disappointed in the service. \u00a0but i was even more disappointed that my blt had only one strip of bacon!!! like, how?! i've never seen anything like it before lol. i asked for another strip of bacon and was looked at like i was crazy lol. it seemed promising but after that i might stop in just for the coffee if i'm in the areahidden gem..old school coffee place .good place to come and relax on a rainy day and have a cup of coffeeit's okay for people who like being on lab tops and drink coffee all day ,more of a sandwich shop. ok but i doubt i'll come back. more yuppie style.the dark roast coffee is really good as is the food. the 63rd club comes on really nice bread, really bumps the sandwich into another category. staff is always friendly. plus it's close by, so that always helps.robust coffee lounge just makes me happy. \u00a0what doesn't make me happy is how far it is from where i live. \u00a0 i can assure you that i would likely have a new line item in my monthly budget if this place was in my neighborhood. \u00a05 reasons why robust rocks:1. excellent coffee - alterra beans roasted in milwaukee. \u00a0smooth and delicious!2. great food - i enjoyed an superb make-your-own breakfast sandwich (egg white, turkey, cheese on challah)3. lemonade - i watched them freshly squeeze the lemons that would become my mango lemonade. \u00a0so good!4. \u00a0outstanding decor and atmosphere. \u00a0seriously, i love it. \u00a0i want my dining room to look like it. \u00a05. friendly staff with personality. \u00a0thank you!don't pass up on this coffee house gem in south chicago.today was the worst experience i've had in coming here (been a loyal customer for over a year)! up until 3 days ago, i hadn't tried the pancakes but they were delicious! the best i'd had in a long time - light in color and in texture, flavorful, golden and the size of the entire plate, almost.today, however, after 2 attempts i received smaller cakes that were black/dark brown (crisp on the edges) and not flavorful - along with an irritated look at the employee that had to take them back. i didn't even eat the second batch because i was so irritated that i drove all the way from the south loop just to have these either those delicious golden pancakes again or a golden waffle. i was sooooo upset about leaving there hungry - having to stop somewhere else after passing up the pancake house and chicken and waffles. total waste of money, gas and time today.it's a hidden gem! really nice on the inside and very spacious. the food is quite tasty especially for a coffee shop. definitely recommend giving it a try.hands down one of the best coffee shops in the city, right up there with dollop. the coffee is great, the food smells delicious, though i've yet to taste any of the cuisine. the atmosphere is very trendy, but manages to still feel very south side. there are plenty of outlets and seats, although the few times i went, the available seating was limited to the area by the door, because the lounge area was pretty packed. \u00a0when i was growing up down the street, i would never have imagined a place this cool and diverse venturing outside of the hyde park/ u of c area, but i'm glad they did.i called four times to order a sandwich. \u00a0 i couldn't get through. \u00a0 when i arrived and ordered i was told i should have called. \u00a0simple sandwich took a long time like 15 minutes. \u00a0 the manager told me i should ve called ugh...poor slow service.quite a nice place - the atmosphere is humming but not noisy, which is the kind of ambiance i like when i'm doing work.i tried the bbq lou and the herbie. the former was a winner - brisket was delicious and the coleslaw and bun were the perfect accompaniment. bonus: they give you little tootsie rolls/pops with your meal!the herbie, on the other hand, wasn't my favorite - the sandwich was basically a huge scoop of (really bland) chicken salad with some lettuce and bacon. the pumpernickel bread it came on was pretty good, but i wouldn't recommend the sandwich as a whole.i also had a chai latte, which was nice if a little on the bland side as well. while the flavor of the chai was good, it felt like the chai to milk ratio was a little low. i still enjoyed it enough that i would order it again, though.boyfriend had two of the smoothies: the hawaiian dream and the sunrise. i snuck a little of each - the former was my favorite of the two.overall, definitely worth the trip, and a nice place to get some studying done.i tried their \"special\" biscuits with sausage gravy but unfortunately, it was far from special. unless all that paprika they sprinkled on top was suppose to make it special and not taste like paprika. the biscuits were good and were the highlight. the gravy barely had any sausage in it. the staff and atmosphere were just ok.let's see..i loved the little atmosphere it had, not bland at all. smelled like coffee and eggs! i loved that part.i decided to make my own sandwich. i made a croissant sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich. the sad part that made this place lose points was that the bread was very dry.the coffee? now that was good. good strong roast with some caramel i added.i really want to love robust. \u00a0i do. \u00a0but i suspect much of the reason people love robust is that there is no good alternative in the area -- it is just a sad fact of life that (due to understandable neighborhood/demand/business/etc. considerations) the vast majority of the good coffeeshops are up north. \u00a0that said, i have two independent observations about robust.first is that the interior layout could be better. the space doesn't seem to be used in the best way, though i can't put my finger on why it feels this way. there are a number of individual-size tables that are good for people who are there to work on laptops, but many of those are inaccessible to outlets, and the ones by the windows in the front are somehow unappealing -- maybe due to rickety unstable chairs, and maybe just that the tables/area never seems to be clean. that leads me to my second observation, which is that i always get the feeling the surfaces/tables/floor/etc. are kind of dirty. \u00a0i'm not at all a clean freak. \u00a0but it just doesn't make me want to stay when i usually have to wipe down my table myself before i put my computer down, and there are often pieces of used equal packets, etc. laying around the milk/sugar table. if the coffee were somehow exceptional, neither of these things would matter so much. but the coffee is just average for any intelligentsia location. \u00a0i go to robust when i have to be on campus immediately afterward, and that's about it. \u00a0i know robust is trying to be this swanky coffee lounge in a neighborhood that hasn't really had that, but if that's the case, the maintenance/upkeep has to be like that of a swanky coffee lounge.i work on the southside of chicago and needed a place to get some work done in between commitments. \u00a0my friend recommended that i try out robust instead of the usual starbucks. \u00a0their claim to fame is apparently the mochadiablo, which was described to me as a mocha with habenaro sauce, so i of course, had to try it. \u00a0the spiciness was on the mild side, even for a coffree, and wasn't anything special. \u00a0i thought it was overpriced, even for a special coffee. \u00a0they have a lot of outlets around the perimeter of the shop, which makes it a good place to work. \u00a0i'd go back here again, but the coffee isn't anything to write home about.nice place! had the bbq betty. it was suppose to be on a pretzel bun, they were out of them so i was offered an onion roll. i must say it was tasty but every bite i wished i had that pretzel bun. \u00a0also got a piece of carmel cake that was huge, tasted average and was $5, ugh. seems like a great place to escape and get some work done, or \u00a0study. nothing else really around it in walking distance.when this place first opened it was the best. high quality and great service. it really has gone down in quality and the service is really lacking now. the fresh squeezed lemonade often tastes too bitter, their pineapple green tea is too acidic, the croissants are now just heavy buns, donuts are hard and dry on several occasions. went to get a english muffin there the other day and asked for it toasted, it came out rubbery and soft. sent it back twice and then just gave up, threw it out and went elsewhere. my brothers went there the other day and even their specialty sandwich, bbq betty, was dry and not delicious anymore. i'm sad. really loved this place for the first year or two. not worth it anymore.i'm not saying they have the best food ever -- indeed, the sandwiches are a little simple and a little bland -- but there is something so delightfully *earnest* about this place. \u00a0the space is bright, lively, and welcoming; the service is friendly; they make their own soup. \u00a0and in it is in a little corner of south hyde park that desperately needs something welcoming and earnest. \u00a0i've lived in chicago for less than two months and i've already been here three times.the service here sucks! i've popped in a few times and almost always made to feel like an inconvenience. don't expect a \"hello\", \"good morning \", a smile or even eye contact, it more than likely won't happen here. this morning i needed coffee and stopped by...i noticed flies in the donut/danish glass area...i left. the one star is for the pleasant afternoon staff...i've been to robust in woodlawn a few times when visiting my sister at university of chicago. while the food can be a bit inconsistent at times, overall i've left really satisfied. coffee is fantastic. vibes are egalitarian and academic. i'd say this is one of the few places in and around u chicago that local residents and students genuinely interact. staff has always been very friendly and accommodating.i used to really love going to this place...my last three visits they gave me the wrong order after waiting for 15 minutes and then i had to wait another 15 minutes to get my order right. needless to say, my hot chocolate or should i say hot milk got cold. i used to love their hot chocolate, but now they add a drop of chocolate sauce for any size and all i have is a cup of milk. i have to go out of my way to get to this place and i am disappointed. the plain bagels with cream cheese are still good, but this will be my last time going there...", "CORPORATE": "where do i begin? i need 10 stars for this place! i had a not so great experience when i went to this shop but oh boy, did they make up for it or what?! i sent some feedback through their website and the head bageler, jotam torres, \u00a0personally took the time to write me back. he wrote: \"i'm so sorry to hear that you had a tough experience at my shop. totally unacceptable and i want to make sure that others don't have a similar experience.\" he then asked me to describe the person so he could personally address the issue right away. he then connected me with his operations director and offer me a gift card. he ended by saying: \"if anything happens again that isn't to your liking no matter how small, please reach out to me directly to this email address.\" this is what i call caring. due to an unfortunate event, i cannot receive the card. upon informing him, he wrote back again! \"i'm so sorry for your loss sandra.not to worry, if and when you return it will be waiting for you.thank you again so much for your honesty and your help.jotam\"amazing! love you guys!!!4.5 stars. great bagels and cream cheese here. they were temporarily out of my usual bagel of choice (they bake throughout the day, so shortages are resolved quickly), so instead i got a piping hot chocolate chip bagel with honey nut cream cheese. both were delicious, and they give an appropriately generous schmear of cream cheese. my only complaint is that their chai latte, which is tea based (which i prefer!) doesn't taste very much like chai. maybe their blend is off, but the latte tasted like a london fog rather than a proper chai. other than that, though, it was absolutely heavenly for this bagel-lover.if you are staying in lincoln park and you need an amazing but fast breakfast, you better be checking out the bagelers coffeehouse! i came here on saturday morning for a quick bite and was absolutely blown away. i ordered the \"the bageler\" which was a bacon, egg, and cheese with some fantastic chipotle mayo to go with it. this sandwich was a game changer, hands down the best breakfast sandwich i had in a long time (probably tied for one i had in new orleans). the bacon was soft and crispy at the same time, the egg was tasty, and cheese was cheesy and good, and the bagels used were fantastic as well.this place was fantastic and i would absolutely love to come back on my next trip to chicago. if you are in the area you owe it to yourself to come and give this place a try!ugh love this place! it feels so random on the strip of closed stores and dental/eye businesses. i hope it doesn't lose business once the other stores open. \u00a04 words = bourbon chai tea latte. yup. throw some soy milk in there and i'm done. they have good bagels and toppings, and really kind service! plus, the booths and tables are warm and welcoming.delicious. warm, freshly made bagels and drinks. it was worth the wait in the long line for a cheap breakfast sandwich!these bagels will bring a tear to your eye they are so delicious. went on a saturday and had to go back on sunday for another round. the sea salt bagel and everything bagel with their smoked salmon cream cheese are where it's at. the long line is so worth the wait! can't wait to try more of their amazing menu.i feel like yelp led my astray on the bagelers coffeehouse. \u00a0it's a perfectly ok establishment, but this neighborhood has so many more exciting options. \u00a0i do not understand the near perfect rating for an average and slightly over-priced meal.i came to bagelers for a breakfast sandwich ($6.19 post tax), which came with egg, bacon, and muenster on an everything bagel. \u00a0the everything bagel so too salty, and the seasoning mix was not quite right. \u00a0the bagel was not the best either, and it is similar quality to what you would get from a grocery store bakery. \u00a0the egg, bacon, and cheese was all ok, but this is about the same quality of a breakfast as you would get from a panera bread. \u00a0i had hoped for more from a local establishment.there were lots of people working on the free wifi so it may be more of a place you work and can eat/drink coffee.super cute place! the decor and the atmosphere is so welcoming. mostly full of college students so the wifi is excellent and the outlets are plently. however, the turnover rate is pretry low so if you see a table claim it. they don't have a large area but they do the best with what they got. every table has beautiful local flowers on them. as for the food, wonderful. i got the everything bagel gardener sandwich and i was a huge fan. it was easily in my top 5 of bagels. would definitely come here again, but know the line gets pretty long during rush times and you will have a wait (but oh god it's worth it). also their lattes have the cutest art. 5/5 will be returningthey were open on a sunday when another preferred deli was closed, so i decided to try something new. chicago yelpers lead me astray. it was not worth the 4.5 star rating.the bourbon vanilla chai latte was just plain chai tea with milk! no notes of bourbon or vanilla came through.the pumpkin pie latte was weak and they didn't even mix it properly, as all the seasoning sat on the bottom.the fisherman's sandwich had a generous amount of salmon. the only problem was the everything bagel. where did all the seasoning go? see pic. otherwise, it was an enjoyable sandwich.overall, it satisfied my craving for a lox sandwich, but i would not return.best bagel sandwich in chicago! consistent and friendly staff. would recommend to anyone!! the must try is the \u00a0bageler sandwichthese bagels are incredible! there is a printer station as well in case you need to print.mmmm yum. my hangover was craving so substance before my day could begin. i found this place open early on a saturday morning and in my neighborhood and of course top rated reviews. i did not purchase any coffee and was torn between the bageler sandwich or lox sandwich. once i decided on the bageler (eggs cheese bacon chipotle mayo), i was ten torn between bagel (of your choice all made in house) or a croissant! i went with bagels, more filling. i waited quite a while, maybe 15 minutes. i arrived there about 8ish and while sitting waiting then eating the line was almost out the door and i'm sure those people waiting much longer for their orders. it was delicious i would definitely go back! cute spot kind of hidden i rode right past it ok my bike initially.this place as always a go to when we lived in the area. \u00a0today we stopped in to get 2 items to go; \u00a0a bagel and a bagel sandwich. \u00a0the first bagel was with cream cheese. \u00a0they didn't even toast/steam the bagel but rather just threw it on a cold bagel. \u00a0for the bageler sandwich they didn't toast/steam the bagel either but just threw the fixings on it. \u00a0so it was a mix of a room temp bagel with warm toppings. \u00a0not sure if they changed their approach on their bagels before serving them but they didn't ask us either if we needed them toasted/steamed before either making the sandwich. disappointed in what used to be a very solid, go-to spot. \u00a0 as mentioned above these were to-go so we didn't realize it until we opened them when we got in the car.one of my favorite local places for coffee and bagels. very nice staff and great atmosphere to hang with friends or catch up on work. highly recommend the farmer's bagel sandwich.great coffee and bagels. these aren't new york level bagels per se, but they're the closest i've encountered yet in chicago. kettle-boiled, homemade, and served warm, they pair nicely with their homemade spreads. i got iced coffee (just right and the price is right, too) and an everything bagel with chive-garlic spread. yum! nothing here is overpriced, and they have wifi and art for sale on the walls. what a nice spot to hang out, study, or catch up with a friend! i'll be back to try some of their other bagels.this is a super cute little bagel, coffee and tea place! i got the sea salt bagel with garlic and chive cream cheese along with a berry iced tea and it was all really good. they give a generous amount of cream cheese on the bagel as well, no skimping! i went around 4pm and it looks like they also put up a lunch menu too around 11am/noon or so. super quirky and cute here. would highly recommend!while on a walk around the neighborhood on this lovely afternoon, i saw a line out the door for this bagel shop and decided to see what people were waiting for- i'm so glad i did! the shop was small and cozy, 6-7 tables at the most....the sounds and smells greeting me were music to my senses...the art work was interesting to look at, and i didn't mind the wait to place my order or pick it up. there were large samples of chocolate chip bagels and cream cheese to try while waiting-a sweet taste of what was to come.my go-to on the weekend is always smoked salmon and the fisherman was a fantastic sandwich: i chose an everything bagel to accompany the salmon, pickled onions, capers, and tomatoes- crispy, chewy, savory! i couldn't decide between the giardinara or garlic chive cream cheese, so i bought them both :) loved them both :) and saved some for later.i also had the bageler on a jalape\u00f1o bagel and it spiced up the fried egg, bacon, muenster cheese, and chipotle mayo perfectly!! it was a true breakfast sandwich (at 12 noon).even though it was kinda warm out, i had a luscious hot chocolate with whole milk and it was frothy, rich, and velvety--fab!the bagelers coffeehouse was an excellent way to start my weekend, and i know what i'll be trying next: the sea-salt bagel with strawberry jam and peanut butter....mmmmmcame on a wednesday morning and was surprised to see a good steady flow of business. these are delicious boiled bagels (nyc style), a variety of different and unique spreads to put on it. we ordered the bageler sandwich on an everything bagel (bacon, egg, and cheese). it was a little thin at first glance, but still really solid and on a great bagel.i woke up really craving a bagel and even though i've lived in lincoln park for a year, i wasn't sure where to go. i found this place and i'm so glad i made the 12 minute walk! i got a salted caramel coffee and an everything bagel with garlic chive cream cheese. it was all amazing. you can definitely tell the cream cheese is homemade. i took it home to eat because i was alone but i can't wait to bring my roommates back to dine in. the place is so cute. i will be back for sure!i accidentally stumbled upon this coffee shop, and i love it!there are so many different bagels and pastries and the coffee selection is up there as well! i cautiously ordered the salted caramel latte and it was amazing! i let my husband try it and he couldn't stop drinking it.cozy little spot, has lots of seating.instagram: @chefnatashaate here on a recent trip to chicago. my boyfriend and i were wandering the streets and stumbled in. we split an everything bageler and it hit the spot! paired with some delicious coffee, it kept \u00a0us fueled through a morning walk and trip to the zoo. the atmosphere is cozy and there were nice little flower arrangements on the tables. next time i'm in the area, i will return!would highly recommend! the ambiance was good, cashier was friendly and patient, and the food was delicious. my friends and i all order the fisherman on everything bagels and regular spread. in retrospect, i should have ordered the garlic spread, so i'll have to do that next time. the salmon portion was quite generous and there was a heavenly layer of cream cheese. not too many capers (a plus for me) and the tomatoes didn't make the sandwich feel soggy. the coffees were fine. ordered a salted caramel mocha which was very sweet and a cafe au lait that was fine. seems like a nice place to meet with friends casually or get some light reading done.this was the absolute perfect place to refuel after a tough workout in lincoln park! i'm from new york, so i judge any non-new york bagels pretty hard. i loved the everything bagel and would go everyday if it was closer to my apartment!at least over the weekend, the atmosphere would be great for catching up with a friend, rather than camping out with a laptop for 10 hours.i also have to shout out to the friendly service! even though i was sweaty and basically nonverbal when i ordered, i was treated extremely well for a $6 bill!the bagelers is great! lovely ambiance - lots of seating available - plus friendly service and tasty bagels. they were all out of the bagel i ordered so they gave me a coupon for a free bagel next visit.ordered 5 items on uber eats and only received 2 out of 5. i was very hungry so i wanted the rest of the food instead of the refund. messaged uber eats who said i would receive a response within 24 hours. then i called the restaurant. first of all the guy on the phone didn't even apologize for what happened after i explained the situation to him. then he informed me that i had to contact uber eats directly to resolve the matter, even though it was the restaurant that screwed up. to top it off the guy hung up on me. would not recommend.it's a small cafe covered in art from local artists that is available for purchase. perfect for a quick bite, a relaxing place, or a spot to hang out and have a conversation while sipping on coffee or eating a bagel. absolutely loved their smoked salmon bagel sandwich. they were very generous with the salmon and the sandwich over all was amazing. the vanilla latte was excellent it looked to me like they used actual vanilla which elevated it that much more. i will absolutely be back.in house kettle boiled bagels! need i say more. i got the bagelier and it was perfect. the first bite you could tell the bagels were fresh. i wish i could try every bagel they had and all the in house spreads. maybe next time. if you are close to this location and they are open please stop in great service, great food, and great prices.this place has a great assortment of bagels, sandwiches, and salads. music was great, staff is kind & accommodating, the coffee isn't bad either. plenty of places to work from (small tables) and located on a great street near restaurants, other coffee houses, and a small park. one of my favorite small/quieter cafes to get work done in.the bageler on and everything bagel is amazing. stopped in for lunch, coffee, and a workspace for an afternoon and was not disappointed. reliable wifi, friendly staff, delicious coffee, free water, clean restrooms, gorgeous local art on display and for sale. i will definitely return.was in the area looking for a affordable breakfast place and found this gem of a bagel place. had the bageler (egg, bacon, chipotle mayo, cheese) and it was pretty awesome. 10/10 would visit again.imagine a warm, quaint little cafe space, with the best bagel and drink options your little heart can desire. that's bageler's. i love trying their creative drinks (they have so many - and they are all delicious). my favorite is the apple chaider - half chai and half warm apple cider. yum. they have many cream cheese options and different bagel options as well (highly recommend strawberry cream cheese on any bagel!). the staff is friendly and no matter how crowded it is, they are fairly quick with getting the food/drinks made. it's a smaller place, but can fill up quickly, so bring your laptop and if you're lucky, you can snag a table to get some work done. i love this little laid back neighborhood spot!the east coast elitism in me can't love this place because of their \" schmear\" options. ready:nutella is not cream cheesepeanut butter is not cream cheese jam is not cream cheesethis seems easy enough, but this place had many \"schmear\" options, but few cream cheese choices. it isn't worth leaving the house and paying money to have someone give you a scoop of nutella on bread. the bagels themselves were fine; a step above the grocery store's bakery and a step below new york bagel deli. however unless you are after a locally made cup of coffee or one of their bagel sandwiches, i would save your carb lust for real, cream-cheese-filled satisfaction.i'm a royal customer to \"the bagelers\" satellite kiosk at the jefferson park blue line station since i commute to/from rosemont for work. \u00a0i was browsing through deals on groupon and spotted the groupon for the bagelers' main location in lincoln park. \u00a0oh man, i love this place! \u00a0can i purchase more of those groupons? \u00a0i think i know the menu quite well at this point. \u00a0here are my recommendations: 1) the bagelers' brew: it's similar to a coffee slushie, and i believe there's a shot of espresso in it. \u00a0it's probably one of my favorites at the bagelers and is available limited time only. \u00a02) sesame seed bagel + honey nut spread: i have had a number of bagel/spread combos, but this combination is the most memorable ones for me. \u00a0i'm a fan of their honey nut spread. \u00a03) everything bagel + giardiniera spread: it screams \"garlicky, garlicky and garlicky!\" \u00a0make sure order a large iced coffee to wash down that smell in the mouth. \u00a0the decors are clean and simple, featuring art pieces for sale. \u00a0the dining room is equipped with nice, comfy sofa seating. \u00a0it's located in the chic, urban, and walking-friendly lincoln park neighborhood, so there are many trendy restaurants and boutiques to poke around if you've got time.17 jun 2018bageler's coffee housevery nice breakfast/lunch sandwich place. all three of our sandwiches were well balanced. i had a butcher special which was very nice and balanced. my wife had a very buttery almond croissant. my daughter had a bagel with cream cheese and lox (smoked salmon).the only down side was that the ac was broken or not sufficient. they had fans blowing the hot air around (90f plus degrees weekend).i'm kind of shocked by the high reviews and popularity of this place. \u00a0we went in at 8:30 on a sunday and it was already filling up. \u00a0right away we were bummed to discover they didn't have high chairs, which just seems silly in a family friendly area like this. \u00a0we ended up using our own that attaches to the table, but the tables are super flimsy and were afraid our 1 year old was going to tip the darn thing over all meal!all would be forgivable if the bagels were amazing, but they were so chewy and doughy. \u00a0barely toasted and just plain gummy. \u00a0plus the every seed bagel had about a grand total of 1 of each seed. \u00a0very disappointing. \u00a0i'm adding one star based soley on the cream cheese, which was actually awesome. \u00a0the garlic chive was phenomenal, and my husband really liked the giardiniera one. \u00a0but i'm sorry, if the bagels aren't good, i won't be back.stopped by for a quick breakfast before leaving the city. we had the bageler, a plain bagel with cream cheese and an ice coffee. the bageler was wonderful. all the ingredients were cooked just the right amount and the bagel was fresh. i highly recommend the sea salt bagel. it was delicious. the plain bagel with cream cheese was perfect. no need to dress up a well made bagel. they also warmed up the bagel which was a nice touch. the ice coffee was fresh and strong. there was free wifi and light music playing in the background. food came out quickly and many customers stopped in on the go. not frills at this bagel shop, but who needs anything special when the food is great? will be going back next time i'm in chicago.their bagels and service do not disappoint!their sesame seed bagel with giardiniera cream cheese is the bees-knees. you'll thank me later and i will charge you a bagel for the recommendation.their prices are also reasonable. a flavored iced coffee, bagel and cream cheese comes to $5. for chicago, that's great!the place can be a little tough to find and you can easily walk right past it (like i did the first time). just look for the decal on their window and enjoy the deliciousness to come.just got an almond croissant and the pumpkin pie latte. it was missing a bit of nutmeg or something. i'd want to come back to try a bagel sandwichever since moving to chicago, i've been searching for my go-to bagel spot. i think i found it with the bagelers coffeehouse. i love their everything bagel with plain cream cheese, but they also have other cream cheese options. their bagels and cream cheese are made in-house. there is also plenty of seating on weekday mornings.pros: best bagels in chicago. line out the door on sunday proves it. chive onion cream cheese is incredible. croissants are unreal cons: coffee is mehno allergens or ingredients listed so assuming nothing is gf or veganit's a decent bagel and coffee shop, fairly cute with and almost rustic ambiance. being from ny i'm rather picky about my bagel so it's missing some of that ideal almost doughy texture. way better than einstein's or panera's monstrosities though, if i had to guess they probably steam than bake instead of boil than bake. don't drink coffee so i can't comment on that, the latte i got was fairly standard fair though, i think if it was slightly less sweet it would have been phenomenal. their cream cheese is legit tho, would come again. above average as far as chicago is concernedgreat little bagel place tucked away in lincoln park. the bagels are the best around the area for sure. it does get crowded on the weekends so come early!bagelers is one of my favorite places for a good bagel! they have good coffee and good bagels, which is a win in my book. (i'm a big fan of the garlic bagels.) bageler's bagels and coffee are all affordable, and there is a printer available in the cafe. however, beware, they are so popular at certain times of the day there are no seats left, and there is often a decently long line! a hit or miss if you are intending to sit and study. in addition, there is often moderately loud pop music playing in the background, so it may not be the best choice for studying if you don't have headphones or have the ability to tune it out.the one star is for yelp. i went to the location given on the map and it was a different coffeehouse that was closed. yelp said it was open. it was 15 degrees outside so i'm a little frustrated.i got the bageler sandwich and the chai tea latte. while the sandwich was amazing, i was a bit disappointed with the chai tea latte. it tasted a bit watery, but was still okay overall. i would eat here again, although i can't say anything about service or atmosphere as i had it delivered.i'm not sure if i've been to a coffee shop so pleasurable! the staff was super friendly and very genuine. their latte was smooth and tasted like the almond milk was toasted, which was a nice flavor. i had an everything bagel with cream cheese, and it was worth every calorie! the everything bagel had the perfect ratios of seasonings and was soft, chewy, and warm. the cream cheese was super creamy and flavored perfectly--not too cheesy, not too bland. as far as the vibe of the place goes, it has a homey-feel, is relatively quiet (depending on the customers there), and has a wonderful mellow playlist with some older hits playing in the \u00a0background. perfect place to study since they have wifi. 10/10 would recommend and will be back!first visit:perfect music at perfect volume, a first so far in chicago. greeted and made welcome, clean tables, two beautiful smiles behind the counter, excellent service, fantastic bagel and toasted properly and just the right amount of topping, and, the bagel was quartered for ease of eating. excellent latte, nice and hot as requested, wonderful flavour. i shall definitely be returning!!thank you ladies!!my new go to bagel shop! my friend and i were looking for a light breakfast to start our day and we were going to go to a popular bagel spot by the red line belmont but decided to try something new and no regrets. i wish i had something this cute in my college days cause this would have been a prime study spot. the bagel choices were really simple, either a lox or a breakfast bagel and then your basic spreads with bagels. the tea selection was impressive. i normally am not a tea person but their tea latte options got me since i was thinking it'd be like a milk tea. got the litchi noir latte! it wasn't exactly like a milk tea but twas good. it came unsweetened so i added 3 packets of sugar on the raw and 5 squirts of simple syrup.. the amount of sugar i need to sweeten my drinks kinda scare me.. but #donowregretlater i guess.friend & i got:bageler on everything bagelbageler on a croissant (though it came out on a sea salt bagel due to misentering from the cashier)passionfruit green tealitchi noir lattewould come back for my bagel needs!great place to do some work and offers anything you would ask of a coffee shop. apparently they serve lunch too though i haven't ventured there.one complaint is that while tasty, our hot drinks were not nearly hot enough. don't know if this can be addressed with technique or appliances.soooo good. i reccomend this place. good begals.holy crap batman! if the bagels don't get you then the house-made spreads certainly will. everything is so good. all the bagels here are absolutely perfect. they are chewy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. and my favorite spread is the chive. the herbs are so fresh and the garlic is so flavorful. \u00a0i love that the menu has just enough options without compromising quality. people are friendly. your order comes out quickly. the coffee is pretty good. but not as good as the bagels. nothing tops the bagels.bagels are great, but the garlic chive cream cheese is out of this world. highly recommend!i absolutely love this coffee shop - probably my favorite in the chicago area. there are a ton of bagel and cream cheese/spread options (my favorite is the poppy seed bagel with the honey nut spread) and it's pretty cheap! i also love the almond milk lattes. the place is small but every time i've gone there isn't a huge crowd, it's a great place to get homework done - love love love!my favorite bagels in chicago! i literally crave the jalape\u00f1o cheddar bagels from here on a weekly basis. i can't get them delivered to my house, but they deliver to my work via uber eats and i order in bulk so that i can take them home with me. highly recommend!came here for a lox bagel. bagel was below average. sandwich did not meet my expectations. staff is friendly. 1 star for the pop punk playlist. do not recommend/ will not be back.if you like carbs and coffee, this is the place to be. i got a bageler on an everything bagel and an iced vanilla latte- couldn't have been more delicious. the bagels were fresh and warm and the coffee was much better than other chain coffee spots you can find around the area. this place also had plenty of seating which was a plus! the perfect place to stop by on a weekday morning to plan out the rest of the day in a peacefully quiet and cozy environment.picked up the lox on an everything bagel. amazing bagels. incredible homemade cream cheese. wish they had more bagel sando's but i digress... love it!i absolutely love the bagels and coffee here. their spreads are great and made in house. the bagels are cheap and make for a delicious and quick breakfast. the coffee is sweet but if you like sugary coffee it'll be perfect. their caramel coffee is pretty good. they also have a really cool vibe to the place with large pieces of art on the walls.came in just by chance just walking by. i had a chocolate croissant and a couple of coffees for me and my friend. \u00a0didn't try the bagels or sandwiches because we were in a rush, will be back to try soon!i was looking for a place to study and this place was in the area so i went to check it out.. i'm glad i did. a lot of tables and free wifi with a lot of plugs for laptops. a lot of students go there because it's close to depaul. i tried 2 of their bagels and they were delicious. the bageler was really good and i had to try their home made spreads and they didn't disappoint. the bagels were cheap and they were fresh. the coffee was good as well i think they brew either (intellegencia/ bowtruss) coffee. if you are looking for a place to grab a small bite and do some work this is the place to go.the bagel = well made. raspberry iced tea was also tasty.i was shocked they didn't have the basics - no egg salad, no breakfast sausage. limited options - as a former nyer, bagels were well made and came with everything possible on it.rock solid breakfast delivery through ubereats. \u00a0driver was quick and courteous and the food was surprisingly fresh. \u00a0i was a little worried how a toasted bagel sandwich would hold up but it arrived piping hot and still crispy, not soggy. \u00a0iced coffee was delicious (and much needed). \u00a0wish this place was closer to my home, i would surely visit the storefront as well.bagels were awesome and price was spot on. will defiantly be going back. lots of selection and variety with all the cream cheeses made in house.coffee. bagels. farmhouse decor. i love it all! i stopped in for a bourbon vanilla chai latte and an everything bagel with smoked salmon cream cheese. absolutely divine! the ladies working were lovely. definitely looking forward to my next visit.nice spot in my neighborhood to chill, drink tea, and do work/study. the sea salt bagel is delicious! they have a really nice variety of teas and coffees as well for a really good price too. they have free wifi and it was not crowded at all.we just went in for a monday morning bagel, our first time here. we bought everything bagels with smoked salmon and garlic chive. the bagels were perfectly sized, not doughy, and perfectly toasted. i liked the garlic chive spread a little bit more, just because it was sooo garlicky and so good! we also bought an almond chocolate croissant, and it was one of the better croissants i've had in the chicago area. two sticks of good quality dark chocolate with delicious almond paste on top. yum! can't wait to go back, and looking at the reviews, it might be better to go on weekdays.i was craving a lox sandwich for brunch and decided to stop by this place because it was close. its a cute establishment with some booths and some tables, but its definitely not a big place. their lox sandwich is listed as \"the fisherman\" and it is $8.50. i got it on top of a poppyseed bagel. honestly, i wasn't too impressed. instead of fresh onions, they use pickled onions which tasted a little weird with the rest of the meal and the smoked salmon was extremely thick and not too...smoked. i also got a cup of regular black coffee, but ended up throwing the whole thing away because it tasted too burnt? whatever it was, it wasn't good. i think i would stop by again, just because they did offer a very interesting selection of tea lattes and regular bagels, but i probably would avoid getting a regular black coffee and dropping a lot of money on a mediocre lox.i discovered this place in january 2016 and have been here dozens of times since. there are a few drawbacks: seating can be tricky, the music is sometimes a decibel or two too loud, and they were once out of coffee creamer at 10:30 on a sunday morning. but for all of its \"faults,\" i absolutely love the bagelers. i usually come here once or twice during the week - and sometimes on weekends - to work, take in the atmosphere, and get my bagel-sandwich fix (not to mention a large iced coffee).as a work-from-home writer, i enjoy seeking out new coffee shops. but as long as i live in the area, this will be my go-to. if you've never been here, you should change that - and soon.yes, i'm sadly upgrading my review and downgrading the stars.don't get me wrong - the bagels and coffee/espresso drinks are just as good. that is, if you can get them.almost every sunday anywhere from 11 am-12 pm, i call the bagelers to ask if they still have bagels. this sounds like a dumb question, right? it's a bagel shop, of course it will have bagels! wrong. after being fooled too many times and going to the bagelers late morning on a sunday (it's also about 30 minutes from my apartment, so it's a trek) to find out that they don't have bagels, i've learned better. now, i call ahead of time. and to my expectation and dismay, they are out of bagels 95% of the time (or at least the flavors you actually care about. come on, no one wants a plain or a wheat bagel).it's pretty disappointing that a bagel shop is out of bagels before 12 pm, when they are open till 5 pm...and when the issue is happening so regularly (at least 3 sundays in a row at one point), shouldn't you have learned to stock more bagels? although these are great bagels, you'll be lucky if they actually have the one you want stocked.more of a 3.5. i loved the interior of the place and had the feel of what a caf\u00e9 should be like. it was the perfect place to do some work or catch up with a friend. i stopped by saturday morning to try their fisherman sammich. they didn't offer onion or garlic bagels, which isn't the biggest deal, as i can settle for almost any bagel. i went with a plain. the bagel itself was pretty good, but not as good as i had hoped. i still would take their bagels over nyc bagel deli's. for the rest of the sammich, it was alright, but not that memorable. i liked that they changed it up with pickled onions but it didn't quite do it for me. their homemade spreads and cream cheeses seemed pretty good. i tried their coffee and this was more so disappointing. it tasted pretty weak and not as robust as i would expect for a caf\u00e9.service was alright. the guy taking my order was friendly and didn't have to wait too long for my order to be ready. overall, it was fine. i would come on in if i was already in the area.for now and probably for a long time, i will still be yearning for a top notch lox & bagel like that from actual ny.i'm shocked that it took 3 months of living one block away to discover this amazing spot. top notch bagels and lox here. since moving from new jersey to chicago i never understood the steamed bagel trend. here bagels are large and crispy. my boyfriend and i both got the fisherman on everything bagels and will be back for more.four-star coffee and food establishment, but i had to dock a star for the smoke that was killing my eyes--not sure if this was a one-time thing or not.i got the bagelers on an everything bagel and it was quite good--i loved the slight hint of spiciness in the chipotle mayo, and i appreciated the fact that they used real eggs in their sandwiches as opposed to bottled. they also use ipsento beans, so the coffee was very good as well. it's a little on the loud side, especially on a weekend, so add on the smoke and it's not very conducive to getting work done. overall, a solid place to grab and go, but i wouldn't plan on staying given the volume of people, noise, and air.great little bagel shop in lincoln park. \u00a0bagels & spreads are delicious and reasonably priced. \u00a0highly recommend for a quick breakfast.this place has the best bagels! soft and slightly chewy just as a bagel should be. the actual cafe is a great place to study with little booths and plenty of outlets. the staff is also very friendly! the only con is their coffee-not my favorite. overall, a cute little cafe with amazing bagels!my boyfriend and i walked here on a sunday morning. this is his favorite bagel place in chicago so he wanted to take me. he loves bagels and could eat 2 a day....me not so much. not that i don't love them...my jeans just don't seem to enjoy all the lovin. they make their own bagels and cream cheese in house so everything truly tastes different than any other bagel place. i got the everything bagel with garlic and chive cream cheese and my boyfriend got the salted bagel with honey nut cream cheese. if you have important people to talk to you that day, don't get what i got. don't get me wrong, i loved it! but between the bagel and cream cheese, there was a lot of onion and garlic flavor. i would totally go back and get it though. we got 2 coffees too. not sure what coffee they use but it tastes really good. enjoythis place is such a gem, especially if you like relaxing music. from its warm colored pictures to its hidden store front, if you are looking for a place to have a good conversation over \u00a0equally good bagels, then look no further. a little vacation from a busy city.the only possible downside is that it's small inside, so you might have trouble getting a table at busy times. otherwise? no complaints.husband and i came this weekend for breakfast- we had the fisherman and whatever the turkey sandwich was... farmer maybe? i got my fisherman on everything bagel and subbed garlic/chive cc for plain. and it was awesome. i love smoked salmon on a bagel and i love that bagelers does pickled onions instead of just straight up sliced raw onion (also capers and tomatoes... yum). husband loved his turkey and he added giardinara cc to his sandwich which he raved about.everyone talks about the coffee- i don't drink coffee so i can't comment (husband said it was strong and tasty) but i was very happy that they have a bunch of teas on the menu, and it's real leaves in a looseleaf bag- not a crappy tiny tea bag. real tea drinkers, rejoice!we also tried the chocolate almond croissant which is big and tasty.all in all- loved it. very friendly staff, great neighborhood joint. i will probably be back next weekend for another fisherman :)love the fabulous quality and affordable prices. \u00a0watch out dunkin.vanilla bourbon chai latte -- delicious! \u00a0barista told us to continue steeping for 3 mins. \u00a0real tea leaves in a pouch. \u00a0house made syrup (woo hoo!).wall paintings -- rotational and available for purchase. \u00a0support local artist!outlets -- plentiful by the wall, near seats.wifi -- available and a click away.venue -- clean and organized.staff -- hello gents! \u00a0friendly, informative and quietly charming. *wink wink*a coffee house that truly cares for your belly. \u00a0cellulose-free. \u00a0synthetic-free.the bagels are delicious, and they have fun flavors every so often. the iced coffee is great, too. plus they offer almond milk! the only downfall is this place is very pricey for a quick bagel and coffee stop.my first time stopping in and i'm all whattheheckthisissogood. \u00a0 \u00a0had the sea salt bagel with garlic chive cream cheese and i'm not kidding when i say that this is the perfect combination. the bagel is slightly crusty on the outside an oh-so-pillowy on the inside. cream cheese straight up amazeballs with awesome little slices of chive all up in there. staff is friendly and professional, with shared seating with strangers for added excitement on your weekend. skip cba and come directly here!update 2 minutes later: this cannot be understated-- i think this is the best bagel i've ever had.good people, good atmosphere & music, good bagels. you can't really find boiled bagels like this in the lp area, they do em right here. love the small feeling, personal touches in decor, and friendly staff.you must give it a try!this place is absolutely amazing! there everything bagels and sea salt bagels are incredible!! the only place i've ever had better was in montreal which is the bagel capital of the world. the coffee at this place is five stars\u203cdefinitely worth the trip to lincoln park.despite all the negative hype surrounding bagels.. sometimes you just need to indulge in one.. and bagelers coffeehouse is just the place to do it. their bagels really are fresh as they make their own bagels and spreads which is a huge plus because who wants bagels that are shipped from somewhere else.. frozen, thawed and then sold? the selection of coffees is also ample and everything i tasted was delicious. it is a very homey coffee shop with great customer service. my personal favorite was the poppy seed bagel toasted with garlic chive cream cheese which even my picky 5 yr old devoured. although this place was slightly out of the way for me as i live closer to their satellite location at the jefferson park blue line el, it is definitely worth the trip (and the calories)!every now and then, you find a little place to eat that makes a big impact. the bagelers coffeehouse is that kind of place. when we walked in to join the long line on a saturday morning, my pic said, \"this better be good cuz \u00a0i don't wait 20 minutes for coffee anywhere\". \u00a0little did she know what she was about to be exposed to! \u00a0the counter staff was friendly and helpful to everyone. smart team behind the counter, too. one person on bagels and cold drinks, one on sammies, another on hot drinks, so serve time is quick. got her a salted caramel latte, me the bourbon vanilla chai, and a bagel. wow! \u00a0bagels are excellent...just like those i get in nyc...and better than others i've had in chicago. when she had her first sip of the salted caramel latte, her eyes rolled back in her head and she moaned, \"oh my god! this is incredible!\"...and it was. the housemade salted caramel syrup is buttery and smooth like they melted down high quality caramels and added angel's breath. lattes are perfectly made and, when ready, announced by the coffee goddess with the beautiful voice. our second trip was just as good so it wasn't a fluke. so if you come here and see a line, just join in. it's worth it!knowledgable staff and great coffee! they make their own syrups! cream cheese for bagels are made in the shop as well. very great atmosphere and great location!came in the pouring rain but it was well worth it!i stumbled upon this small place last week for brunch. upon entering my senses were awakened with the fresh aroma of bagels and brewed coffee. i settled on a bageler sandwich on a raisin cinnamon bagel. holy moly was that the greatest choice ever!i love me some bagelers! yummy bagels & cream cheese. great brekky sandwiches too. if you aren't in the mood for a coffee, try a chai latte or delicious berry lemonade. best bagel place in town.i love the bageler. the sesame bagel with egg, muenster cheese, bacon, and this garlicky chipotle mayo is so damn good! they also have house made jams and cream cheeses. i've been stuck on the bageler sandwich but they have so many other tempting options. the dirty iced chai is my favorite thing on earth right now. they serve counterculture coffee. i love it here, i crave it, i'm totally hanging out here again soon.just got bagels here for the first time. they were excellent!! nice and chewy like a real bagel should be! not dry at all. i was pleasantly surprised by the poppy seed ones as they not only had seeds on the outside but on the inside too!!! yum!! and the salt ones were just salty enough- not burn-your-mouth salty like the traditional places. they were also super nice and even sliced all the bagels for us.what a gem! i tried the sea salt bagel with this giardiniera cream cheese many highlighted, and it was sooo good! i was deciding between the sea salt bagel and poppy seed bagel, but the cashier kindly told me that the sea salt bagel + giardiniera cream cheese is his #1 fave. so i went with it. and i. have no regrets. did i mention you get all this for less than $3?! steal. this is also a great place to study (if the wi-fi is working for you, which for me, it wasn't). their coffee options also look fantastic, so i will definitely be back to try those!their lox bagel was delicious! wonderful way to start my morning. i usually don't like capers, but for some reason the capers they used worked well with the bagel; definitely want to go again.amazing food and coffee! \u00a0get the bageler on an everything bagel, you won't regret it.amazing bagels and service! plus the homemade spreads are out of this world. garlic chive is my favorite but i recommend trying them all...on a sea salt bagel of course :) if you're in the lincoln park area this is a must try.oh man! these kettle boiled bagels are insanely wonderful! so fresh and so soft!! the only time i don't toast a bagel is when it is clearly freshly made and at its softest - and i feel like that's always their bagels! granted, i haven't brought home a dozen to see how they fare in days to come, but the fresh ones are great!! i love their garlic chive cream cheese but their giardinara cream cheese is unique (at least i've never seen it anywhere else) and delicious! it's a tad bit salty, but it's giardinara! their handmade croissants are wonderful, too - super soft and flaky! i haven't had the sweeter ones, but the butter croissants are great!!i just recently stumbled into the bagelers and i'm kind of addicted now the salt bagel is amazing with anything you out on it.garlic chive cream cheese its best i've ever had. and the coffee is great too and they don't charge you for a soy topper like the rest of the large chains.i'm sold and a customer for life.burned bagel and the salmon cream cheese looks and tastes like chive/veggie. i expected some salmon in it, thinking i may have even received the wrong order.stopped by before went to lincoln park zoo. got the sesame bagel with garlic and chive spread. it was delicious!! this place definitely meet and exceed my expectation.legit bagels. bagel sandwiches with real eggs are hard to find. coffee is on point as well. a bonus is their homemade croissants. deliciousfrom my very first bite of the bageler on an everything bagel, i was in love. first off, their bagels are fresh. they are full of flavor and soft and just filled my life with happiness! so good! i also got an iced coffee with a shot of salted caramel flavoring. the coffee was different if you are a starbucks lover. i still can't quite decide if i enjoyed it or not. but because the bagel was so delicious i didn't even care about the coffee. i would recommend just skipping the coffee and getting a dozen bagels for yourself. so good!awesome local, family run bagel shop. definitely would recommend for a quick breakfast! pros:- daily fresh made bagels and pastries- house made cream cheeses (garlic and chive is awesome) - house made coffee syrups (salted carmel, also awesome)cons: - small interior with minimal seating- busy! don't get me wrong, i'm excited to see hem have business, but there have been a few saturdays where they are out of bagels by 11:30am!my first trip to the bagelers coffee house will always be known as the day i lost my virginity, to a bagel.i walked into bch and the atmosphere is very relaxed and smooth, a really chill vibe - totally put me in the mood - for coffee and a bagel. being a man of the people, i didn't want to discriminate with my choice of bagel, so i figured the everything bagel would give me just that - a bit of everything. i went with the herb chive cream cheese spread because it's kind of my jam.so anyway, i made my way to a corner booth and awaited my order. amongst the wafting aromas of bread and coffee the barely audible sounds of indie rock tickled my ear; i began to feel an awakening. as i sipped away on my coffee, staring off into space, recollecting better times, i was interrupted by a faint calling of my name in the distance. my bagel was ready.i unwrapped my bagel like a christmas package, gently tearing away at the paper with the care of a grandmother who says she's going to reuse it. and there inside laid my prize. never before had i seen anything so beautiful. the bagel was perfectly toasted, edges just a little black, firm outside, with an inside that was still forgiving.the herb chive cream cheese was delicately lathered between to the two slices of bagel, i wanted to make them spread.after some small talk, it became clear that me and this bagel we're going to be much more than just breakfast counterparts.it's not really my thing to take leftovers home from breakfast, but this hot little bagel was different. i ever so delicately rewrapped her and took her outside with me. she came back to my place and i snuck her into my parents room. i don't know why but i always wanted my first time to be in my parents room.i crawled under my parents blankets and took out the bagel from its wrapper. the bagel and i stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity, my eyes gazing intensely at hers. an unspoken bond, unity developed between me and this incredible bagel. it was then i knew, i was going to **** this bagel. as you might expect, it was logistically difficult, but as they say, \"love finds a way.\" so in short, the bagel was totally destroyed, but totally delicious. i decided to eat her as i knew she would have wanted it that way. again, can't speak highly enough about bch, just be careful you don't fall in love with one of their bagels, like i did.really solid neighborhood spot with fresh bagels and good coffee. i'm a big fan of the breakfast sandwich but hold on the chipotle mayo unless you like a little spice in your morning.this place is awesome! i love their sea salt bagel and garlic chive cream cheese- it's seriously an amazing combination! i've also had the bageler breakfast sandwich and it was delicious. prices are very reasonable and their lattes are delicious. service is speedy and the staff is really friendly. this is me and my coworkers favorite cafe in the area by far!i want to eat their sesame seed bagel with giardiniera cream cheese every day. of. my. life.so good. great, friendly staff. cute atmosphere.my husband and i stopped in before leaving the city today. we got there just after opening, about 8 am on a sunday. i had their sea salt bagel with strawberry jam and my husband got their signature \"bageler\" bagel sandwich. we were both super pleased! very delicious! parking was easy, the ambiance was casual, relaxing and it was such a cute little shop. we will be back!a heartfelt \"hello\" from one of the counter help staff, right when we entered the shop. lovely ambience with chill music and local artists' paintings on the wall. now on to the food...\"the bageler\" was delectable - egg, cheese, bacon, and chipotle mayo. \"the fisherman\" my gf got was legit as well! pretty good coffee here as well. we will definitely be repeat customers.all around very good. i had the latte and an almond croissant. i was very pleased with both items. the croissant was large, flakey and soft; i would have liked if it had a little more almond filling in it (a personal preference). the latte was also very good. while my experience didn't knock my socks off - i can definitely recommend it and would come again. decor - also good, nice wood tables with booths and chairs, local artist gallery on walls, large storefront windows bring in plenty of light to fill the room.value - i thought it was a fair price for the quality.sunday 8:30am, steady traffic, individuals and families with a stroller, seating available some with outlets, wifi.i agree with other reviews regarding the poor ventilation - it makes it hard to stay for long. this is the primary reason i did not give 5 stars.i found this place through brewpass, i'm glad i did and i plan to come back.picked up everything bagels with lox and the fixins on sunday morning for a stroll around oz park. bagels were yummy, coffee was good. no complaints, would return.hidden gem. this place is awesome. their homemade bagels and spreads are the best i've had. my go-to is the fishermen on sea salt bagel. it domes with lox, capers, cream cheese, onions and tomato. they also have a great selection of coffees to choose from in the morning.i love it here!! to me, this is exactly what a bagel shop/coffee house should feel like. it deserves your business. to start, it is full of cute little surprise details that will make you feel valued: there's always a fresh mini flower arrangement on each table (so fab), reasonable/cheap prices for the delicious food/drinks (so rare), ample lemony fresh self-serve water, calm do-work-without-headphones worthy music, and an adorable one-person booth right by the window with an outlet (but don't sit there because it's mine :-p thanks). also there is an awesome consignment shop right next door...def swing in there on your way out. so why didn't i give 5/5 stars despite obviously loving it here? well, they don't have any gluten free options to eat, their hours aren't completely conducive to my selfish desire to do work there until 7/730pm (they close at 5pm and i've been kicked out), and their one and only \"slow flushing\" toilet resulted in a really awkward moment for me (um, a plunger had to get involved).despite having to introduce myself to their plunger, the bageler's stole my heart :-)mmm delicious bagels! i love my bagels toasted, on the thinner side, with tasty cream cheese and the bageler definitely delivered! i got an everything bagel with lox cream cheese and i enjoyed every bite. in addition to the bagels, they also had so many fresh espresso beverages to choose from. i opted for just a regular coffee and it was delicious. and to top it all off, the ambiance was cute and cozy. this will definitely be my go-to bagel spot when i'm in the area!on the search for the best bagel in chicago and the bagelers coffeehouse has come close to the title. i ordered the everything bagel with garlic chive cream cheese alongside a hot chocolate. bagel was warm, soft and the cream cheese exploded with taste! hot chocolate was thick, creamy and didn't burn my tongue with the first sip- the perfect temp! the only thing that bothered me was the small selection of bagels they had, judging the fact that they didn't have my beloved asiago. but overall- nyc style, kettle boiled bagels with house made cream-cheese, all within a warm and rustic atmosphere, perfect for the upcoming chilly weather!despite being of jewish and new york descent, i have to admit, i'm not all that into bagels. usually, i don't find them worth it. they're caloric, but then i'm hungry an hour later.let me tell you - bagelers is worth it.my partner-in-food and i split an everything bagel with salmon cream cheese and then i got the pumpkin pie latte and he got a coffee. staff, food, and drink alike are all amazing. the cream cheese was the real star, with chunks of smoked salmon & capers. their pumpkin pie latte blows starbucks out of the water. not syrupy or overly sweet, lots of cinnamon and foam. note: their coffee is *strong*. not my cup of tea - er, coffee - but great for those who love a strong cup of joe. all around an awesome place for a snack or a meal and i can't wait to try more!love this place!!! i've been twice and have gotten the bageler breakfast sandwich on a sea salt bagel. definitely one of the best i've ever had. very good quality for the small price you pay. the only thing is you will smell of breakfast food for hours after you leave.this is by far the best coffee/bagel house out there! i got the bageler bagel and the salted carmel latte. the bagel was absolutely amazing!! the people are extremely friendly and the atmosphere of the store is very cute!!!the bageler breakfast sandwich is really good! so you should get one! though i've stopped ordering beverages here because i've had nothing but disappointment. the lattes are flat, feels like drinking milk with a slight coffee flavor. the iced coffee i got here was probably the worst i've ever had, and i'm a lover of all ranges of iced coffee, from your basic dunkin donuts to your fancier cold brews. it was just really weird and gross tasting. my bf agreed. but again, the breakfast sandwiches are really good. so start your coffee brewing at home then walk over for a sandwich while you wait.best coffee and chai lattes ever and amazing and friendly staff! thanks!! the staff are very friendly and always know what i'm coming in for.i stopped in at this little place on a monday and it was a great treat!the bf had never had a bagel and lox before so of course we turned to yelp to find a place. the bagelers totally hit the spot! we both had the fisherman (him on poppyseed, mine on everything) and it was all i could have dreamed of and more. he loved it too.i love the addition of perfectly pickled red onions and little bursts of salty deliciousness from the capers. all of the stuff in this cute little joint is homemade and it is all amazing.all in for two fisherman and a latte it was about $22. that might seem a bit steep just for some bagel sandwiches, but it is well worth it. they don't skimp on the smoked salmon or the cream cheese here! i also had a delicious latte. we are looking forward to bringing bagel-loving visitors here!the bagels are very good! thank god i don't go to this place every morning for a bagel...otherwise i'll be 300 pounds! they are fresh all the time. i love their everything bagel and this is the only place that offers chive and garlic spread. all places have chive and onion but i had never tasted it with garlic until i visited this charming place. their spreads are house made. everyone is very friendly and attentive.love their bagels so much. so delicious and inexpensive! highly recommend coming in for their bagels and i am giving them 5 stars for that alone. had the lox sandwich last time i was in and it was amazing. their coffee is sadly terrible, don't order it.absolutely love this place. today was my first time going and i am quite sure i have found my new study spot! this cafe offers coffee, tea, sandwiches, breakfast, and so much more! they have booth indoor and outdoor seating. they also have a side of the cafe which used to be a house which they renovated. (so cute). it was cozy, quiet and bright enough. they have both couches and table/chairs as options to sit at! they do offer free wifi. i ordered the chai latte (recommend with coconut milk) and the great gatsby sandwich. both were awesome and i'd easily get those both again. note: the great gatsby full size sandwich was huge. i was only able to finish half. i would recommend sharing or getting a half size. the service was great! i'll definitely be back!i went there today for the first time and ordered the breakfast burrito, and it got served to me with no avocado and no cilantro. \u00a0when i went back to the counter to ask about it, the guy that took my order had no idea why it was missing those ingredients. \u00a0he asked the woman in the back - whom i could clearly see standing right there - and she didn't even look up from chopping something to say, \"we're out.\" \u00a0and that was it.total cost for a coffee and a shitty burrito: \u00a0$18no thanks.bourgeois just means too rich for their britches. this place is a very quaint little joint to sit, sip a drink and feel special i guess. i bet hipsters love it.did you know bourgeois really means middle class? not even high class, but middle class materialistic. that's a pretty good description of this place. i feel like my reviews are all about my frugality (read: cheapness) and irritation with over-inflated prices. this review is no different.a breakfast bowl, iced chai latte and a scone cost me $20. *does a flintstones double take* twenty bucks for a la carte breakfast?!the berry scone looked pretty awesome, big and crusty with chunks of fruit...but it was the most bland hunk of flour and water i've had since eating motzo. the iced chai latte was decent but standard. nothing wowed me about it except the $4.50 price tag (and not in the good way)the breakfast bowl was probably the best part but again nothing to write home about. the scrambled eggs were fluffy and the avocado was fresh, but the salsa, sour cream and onion were a bit unnecessary except to inflate the price. it was tasty but nothing i couldn't have made at home much cheaper. on a saturday morning, there was one employee, who took orders and served people individually with absolutely no sense of urgency and zero multitasking skills. there were 5 people in line all standing around wondering if the place was really open.i will not be returning.quality of the pig has decreased. atmosphere remains super cool, although cleanliness is down (bathrooms can be gas-station gross, and the one has had the heat broken for a long time...).drip coffee sometimes seems to have sat for a while, it served less hot, and while it's drinkable, i would no longer consider it comparable to the best coffee shops in the city (la columbe, dark matter, intelligenisa, etc)service is also somehow shruggable. staff aren't frustrating but certainly aren't out of their way helpful. the pig is still one of the coolest spaces in the city, but i can't help think that if it had a bit more of its old inspiration, this place would be packed all the time.so i came to this establishment a lot, like everyday for two years, when i was studying. i wanted to support a local independent shop even if it wasn't great. but what i discovered was..well i honestly don't know where to begin... *they are always out of everything- food items, chai, coffee, baked goods. i've been there three time when they were out of coffee! three times!!*and the coffee they do use is kirkland (costco brand) lol \u00a0i not a coffee snob but i don't want to pay $5 for costco coffee*most of their food is microwaved because it is premade- eggs, paninis (which sometimes come out slimy )*the same pan of scones/muffins sit in the glass case thing for serious a week sometimes. the old mumbling baker just brings up a giant batch and they sit there until they are gone. by day 2 they aren't worth paying for. if i ask they have always been honest (\"those were baked last monday\") so that's good at least. *still very expensive $$$ 15$ for a shitty sandwich that comes with a tiny bag of chips \u00a0*plan on waiting 30 mins, over an hour if they are busy due to understaffing and what looks like severe lack of organization/operations. *have to use your email for 3 hour internet access. internet doesn't work at all many times. *the baristas are nice but clueless. they always have to check to see if they have what you order. i'm realizing it's probably not their fault though. *the filthy building (which used to be the selling point, and initially what i thought was cool) is crumbling due to lack of upkeep- thick layer of dirt over everything (the ceiling fans & vents are so disgusting), ceiling in the front room leaks bad for over a year now when it rains or from snow melt (i've seen 5+ buckets to catch watch in the dining room)*i wish i could finish with something good, but after talking about this place i found out that it has a reputation for not paying it's employees. so i asked the two baristas - their reaction said it all - they just looked at each other with wide eyes & acknowledged the problem in a very polite way. more respectful to ownership than i would have been if there was uncertainty in my pay checks. * and end of story, i haven't gone back since. i would recommend anyone and their mother pass on this rotting shit hole in lincoln park. ***please see photos***awful. dusty. panini was distasteful. waste of my hard earned money. mood was morbid. would never recommend this place to anyone unless you are looking for a place to go after a funeral.terrible experience. waited almost an hour for mediocre food. my lunch partners' food took an additional 30 minutes. staff was unhelpful. would not recommend this spot and will not be back.absolute gem of a spot located in lincoln park right by de paul's campus. we searched the area for a good sandwich spot that wasn't too chain-esque and this place caught our eyes instantly. it is a small duplex that, on the left side, has a small food shop that has a diverse array of sandwiches and salads that are great for both meat eaters and vegetarians. on the right side is a small coffee and tea shop that smells of delicious aromas from the fresh brewed drinks. food: my girlfriend is a vegetarian but was in the mood for a sandwich instead of a soup or salad. she created a delicious build-your-own-sandwich with greens and a variety of cheeses on sourdough bread. it came out steaming and gooey while not sloppy; the bread was pressed and crispy on the outside yet softer as it approached the cheesy center. i ordered the great gatsby sandwich which was at the top of the best sellers list and i can completely see why. the sandwich came out piping hot with a mixtures of mouth watering smells ranging from the bite of the swiss to the juiciness of the turkey and bacon. the basil pesto was an incredible touch and the avocado added that california club taste to it. i would highly recommend this sandwich the way it comes as it was absolutely divine. \u00a0atmosphere: the restaurant itself was a cool, old school home feel that made the experience that much better. there were students working on papers and research while enjoying the sunshine and coziness of the dining area. while there is not much seating inside, it feels like an escape to a comfortable home that also serves up delicious food. consensus: the mouth-watering sandwiches and plentiful salads and soups makes this place a definite stop every time i'm in lincoln park. the cozy home feeling of the dining area mixed with the great staff adds to the all around wonderful food this place has to offer!cute little cafe. the jamaican coffee was delicious, so was their great gatsby sandwich. the sandwich seemed a little pricey, but the size was decent and it was great. we had an issue where one of the drinks in our order was also ordered by multiple people behind us - and somehow the employee \u00a0kept giving my drink to the them even after they gave us our food...? some sort of miscommunication there, but other than that it was a pleasant visit and worth the stop :)love this cute little place, very cozy and relaxing atmosphere, can get a little noisy with all the depaul students eating there. \u00a0the food is fresh and the menu is interesting. \u00a0perfect place to grab a lunch with a book.service 3, atmosphere 5, so average of 4.love the vibe of the place, came on a rainy sunday afternoon and the cozy environment inside was exactly what we were after. the music playing was nice background music and there was a great eclectic vibe to the cafe.we did make sure to stay in the main room, as while there were more tables in the room next door, it was library level quiet and we were there for catchups so that silence wasn't going to work for us. luckily we could snag one of the few tables in the main room. supposedly there is usually tables upstairs but it wasn't open when we were there.now service could left something to be desired. we all wanted tea, my friend wanted an english breakfast. i couldn't see this option in the shelves of tea so i took my tea up to the counter and asked if they had english breakfast, given that's a pretty typical tea. when i asked the woman said they did, but couldn't find it. so i asked if she could recommend which type from those available \u00a0would be closest to english breakfast (there were irish breakfast, scottish breakfast and a couple others). her response was \"i'm not a tea person\" and couldn't provide any recommendations and her demeanor was just that i was putting her out. i'm not usually one to expect too much knowledge from staff about everything on the menu, but when the sign out front says tea emporium i would assume some tea knowledge from staff. so i just grabbed scottish breakfast and hoped it would be ok for my friend.we then waited and waited for 3 teas to be provided (we also got a cookie and brownie but those were handed over immediately). it was surprising that they were using the espresso machine to heat up the tea hot water one cup at a time instead instead of having a kettle or boiling water tap.when we finally got our teas they were fine (provided in paper cups) and the cookie and brownie were great and we had a nice time catching up without feeling rushed.my first time here today. came here with a friend is a big fan! fell in love with the old world charm. there is a adjoining are for only tea and coffee also. everything is really old wood and bricks with black and white photographs of chicago. i had a east of eden sandwich. it was good but slightly expensive at $14 . will be back next time for coffee.utterly ridiculous. \u00a0how can a place that serves lunch close at 12:30 on a friday? coworkers and i ordered lunch. a sizable order and we were informed that our order was cancelled because they \"wanted to close early\". huh? \u00a0sorry, no way. why would we (or you) attempt to try this place when you don't know whether you will get your order or not?find some place else.love the pig for quiet coffee meet up or a quick soup or chili. \u00a0it's cozy and the servers look like they would be my friends. \u00a0wish they had iced tea though.ever since i've moved to lincoln park this cafe has been amazing,breakfast-yummycoffee-deliciouslunch- great gatsby is amazingthe price relates to the portion. some sandwixhes10$, some 6$, and it is because you get 2 huge sandwiches together such as great gatsby.its so convienient & i love the vibe. its a perfect place.servers are slow, unresponsive, and generally cold and unkind. i live nearby so i want to like it, but every time i'm disappointed.i used to love this place but recently came and the chai latte was so bad. it tasted watery and had no flavor. i asked for another one, assuming a mistake had to have been made (in the past i loved all of the drinks and food here! a friend also took a sip and confirmed something seemed wrong) the second one was also horrible.i ended up leaving early to just get food somewhere else.cute atmosphere, plenty of places to sit, huge selection of tea, and decent sandwiches. there's a big wall with shelves of jars of loose leaf tea. you just grab the jar of what you want and take it to the counter to order it. that was something i didn't quite understand on my first visit.3.5/5 for the coffee - only because i had to wait for my latte since the ordering system apparently \u00a0forgot about me (pretty homophobic if you ask me since it was pride month) but 5/5 for the eye candy barista.service -1food -2i was so excited to check out this place. but i was incredibly underwhelmed.  i ordered the breakfast bowl with no meat. received it and the potatoes looked like they were the end of the barrel and had been sitting in the kitchen for an hour.started eating the bowl and realized the best part was missing (avocado). went to tell the bug-eyes staff member what was missing and he says \"oh we don't have anymore avocado\"you don't think that's something i should know before paying? and i looked at him just like that. and he apologized and said he forgot to mention it and continued buzzing around the restaurant.i'll admit, they looked understaffed. but still, annoyed. \u00a0i ate two bites and decided not to make a big deal out of the poor excuse for a breakfast bowl. \u00a0i got a to go container and decided i'll take this home, buy avocado and use some of my own fresh potatoes to make this the way it should be.just go to mortar & pestle for sunday breakfast/brunch.overpriced, regular customer service. coffee doesn't taste as good as advertised. won't come back.i can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review. \u00a0i was a regular here back in the 2000s when i was a depaul student. \u00a0i recently came back to meet a client and it's even cuter than i remember. \u00a0staff is friendly, wifi is free and the ambiance both in and outside is just great. \u00a0highly recommended.we stopped here because they had juices and smoothies listed on their online menu and i am juicing. however, after a half hour wait at the crowded counter area in the back we were informed that they don't have any smoothies and only commercial juices. so i starved while my wife ordered an east of eden sandwich, which she loved. hence the five star. it's just two old houses that have only been mildly upgraded and turned into cafes with a bunch of wooden antique tables and chairs thrown together in a very bohemian mishmash. it works. everyone is ontop of everyone else but it's an intelligentsia crowd and everyone just pretends like nobody else is there. i'll come back when i'm eating solid food again.i had heard of this place but didn't realize how close it was to my apartment. as a graduate student, i was looking for a nearby place to get some good coffee and spend a few hours studying and the bourgeois pig nailed it! during our time there, we had two lattes, a psl, and a drip coffee. all were very good, but i do wish they had been in actual mugs rather than to-go cups. just a personal preference and perhaps they were too busy to have time to bus and wash dishes. i ordered a breakfast panini and my partner the deluxe waffle. the panini had crazy delicious ham and was very tasty and filling, though i see now i was never offered a tomato as promised and it came with the tiniest side of fruit. my partner was a bit disappointed with the \"deluxe\"part of her waffle as it was pretty lackluster, but i personally think ordering waffles at a restaurant will never result in satisfaction. i would say stick to the sandwiches here as it seems to be their forte. our food came out in a reasonable amount of time considering it was a busy saturday morning. maybe twenty minutes tops? i also need to mention the baked goods they had to offer looked very good. i plan on trying a scone next visit for sure. while i picked on a few things above, what really gets this place 5 stars is the delicious coffee and the ample space to study in a unique and relaxing environment. don't be fooled by the small space where you order food and drinks. they have an adorable patio, another space next door, and another space upstairs to that. the ambience is great and you can find a bustling spot or a quiet corner with some lovely jazz playing above it all. there is plenty of room and if you order food and head next door, the server will come find you to deliver it. hopefully management will be able to fix what other yelpers have mentioned regarding wait times and also make sure no shortcuts are taken when it comes to their food and coffee. for now, i stick with my 5 stars and will be back to enjoy the cafe again.love the vibe in this place, very hipster-y and quaint. the coffee tastes average is priced basically like any other hipster coffee shop. i'd mostly come back here to relax and lay back. oh yea, and terrible service. took about 20-25 mins just to take an order.i love this place!! the \u00a0sandwiches are awesome, the cookies scones and muffins are fresh baked, and i think they have the best coffee in the city. also some of the most reasonable prices in lincoln park!i used to love this place, but it's taken a plunge since two years ago. and just when i thought it couldn't get worse, i went there two days ago. the place is like a post-apocalyptic scene, barely anyone there, and a confused-looking barista behind the counter. i asked for a drop coffee, they said they could make me an americano. \u00a0no, i would like a drip. sorry but we're closing soon. it was 5:30 pm on a monday. this is a cafe that usually stays open till 10, even in the summer, but they keep changing and shortening their hours every other week. it's just so sad. the last four times i've been here, the drip has always been cold, the barista confused and forgetful, and the place a mess.i've gotten food for take out here a few times (chicken parm panini, veggie panini, great gatsby) and they were average -- so i have been on the fence for a little while. \u00a0 \u00a0today, i went to get a breakfast sandwich. it took 45+ minutes, and it is somehow missing ingredients and cold! i am probably not coming back.i love this place, i come here at least once a week, they've got a great espresso, my favorite thing to get is their jamaican latte, i'm a big fan of the warm allspice flavor. they've got a great location right off the fullerton cta stop, cute and trendy interior, outdoor seating is plentiful and beautiful in the spring and summer. my only qualm is with their pastries, most of them seem like their store bought, but i usually don't get em anyways. their sandwiches, however, are phenomenal, but a bit pricey. if you're a cheapo like me, they've got premade half sandwiches that run a lot cheaper, but are still pretty bomb.i've been here twice before. once approximately two years ago, and other time just this past week.i really enjoy the atmosphere/ambience. the decor reminds me somewhat of 1910s/1920s america, and i think it's a very cute place to study or even have a coffee date. however, the most recent time that i was here, the service was disastrously slow, likely due to a problem with understaffing. one single worker was running the cash register, making the drinks, and bringing the food to the tables. there were about 10-12 people in front of me in line when i arrived, and 15 minutes later, only three of them had been helped. i wouldn't say that i'm an impatient person, but it felt absurd to have to wait that long to put in an order (and with 7 more people to be helped before me, was likely going to take quite a while longer). needless to say, i ended up leaving because it was just too slow.last time i was here, it didn't seem to be this way. i remember the line moving quickly, and getting my coffee without any issue. they really should hire some more people.very cozy. great service. \u00a0delicious food. you can't go wrong. i live their coffee, cookies, and sandwiches.they should disclose somewhere that their kitchen opens at 8 am . i arrived around opening time which is 7 am and wasn't able to grab a bite before work. slightly disappointed considering i used my only hour to drive to this place when i could've went elsewhere .visited during a weekend lunch hour. nice outdoor seating and the service is friendly. the food is really good. i noticed a lot of people ordering the iced coffees. i love the atmosphere here. the sandwiches we ordered were hot and fresh and really yummy! they have a lot of cool different flavors.i really tried to like this place. the decor and location are awesome and the theme with sandwiches named after books is cute but i just can't do it. the owner is notorious for treating his employees terribly causing high turnover and it shows in the poor quality of service. the last two times i got dishes with eggs in them, they had a ridiculous amount of shell in them. they charge like 3 or 4 dollars for hot chocolate that is literally just powder mix with hot milk. they are always out of various ingredients and products and the final time i went in there, the bathroom door was broken. i believe in supporting local business, but not when it means workers suffering (and crap service tbh).the pig could be criticized for being small. but it is precisely, in part, because it is small that it is so wonderful.the pig (i don't know if anyone calls it this besides me) is intimate. there is a sign out front with a pig. black iron. there is table seating outside. small. closed in a black iron fence two feet high. the sidewalk is other side of the gate. the street leads down to leaves and beautiful houses. eventually the lake. you can go inside where there will be pastries and it will smell like coffee and you will hear the hiss and pump of the machines. you will see into the back \"kitchen\" which is...like...a-hallway-of-light and no more there's-the-back-door small--like 10 feet by 6 feet--it's the yellow light that matters. students study here by the window, if one can nab a spot. this place is not corporate. not a chain. it is brown and yellow with small tables and pinks and old wooden stairs and small bannisters and railings. glass jars, chalkboard, low round tables, wood would stop bullets.they serve food next door during the day, same old building/house/structure the \"pig,\" that is to say, the coffee pig, is in.if you are in the area and you are buying coffee somewhere else (including the real bourgeois place up on broadway), i'd say you're making a mistake.not only is this place cozy and quaint and full of charm but it smells great. no big chain feel here. this is an independent coffee shop with an amazing menu and delicious food. i've been coming here for almost 20 years and it always has that special feel. plus quiche!really great ambience here as well as coffee and food options!the space itself is very inviting and makes me want to explore every nook and cranny inside haha. the coffee options are simple and direct with the usual cappuccinos and lattes. the food menu on the other hand is expansive and it took me a bit of time to finally decide whether i wanted a quiche or breakfast bowl. sure, the prices are quite steep, but after one bite of my food and one sip of my coffee, i really can't complain.i ordered the 12oz latte with the spinach quiche. my boyfriend ordered the straight up coffee with a breakfast bowl. the coffees were both flavorful and really hit the spot for the both of us. that afternoon pump was much needed. the food was amazing! the quiche was perfectly seasoned and the crust was flaky and delicious! the breakfast bowl packed so much flavor. we couldn't have asked for a better afternoon pick us up!the food is amazing, the service is slow and spotty. young kids working aren't very professional or warm. that being said if you're just here for the food it's deliciouscatcher in the rye \u00a01/2 sandwich was a smaller whole sandwich on grilled marbled rye. \u00a0corned beef was tender and piled with perfect sauerkraut and melted swiss. \u00a0tasty pickle wedge on the side. \u00a0confused on salade nicoise. \u00a0\"our version of this french classic, our tuna dill salad surrounded by portions of boiled new potatoes, tomatoes, hardboiled egg, artichoke hearts, cucumbers, red onions, nicoise olives of course and anchovies (optional). served with balsamic vinaigrette.\" \u00a0delicious tuna salad, but no eggs, potatoes, dressing or anchovies although i requested it. \u00a0traditional nicoise has solid tuna chunks (good quality canned is acceptable) and green beans. \u00a0the small generous olives were pitted and not appropriate. \u00a0they need to tweak this recipe to be successful.this place has lost a lot of its charm for me, mostly because of the customer service. i have spent many an afternoon here studying and have usually enjoyed it. the ambience and product tend to be pretty good. i came here recently to meet a friend to study. i ordered an iced tea and was informed (without apology) that they were out. okay, fine...i ordered an iced coffee and a great gatsby sandwich. i am handed my iced coffee and it is white as milk. i am not kidding. the barista hands it to me with a shrug and says \"we have a very light brew today.\" alright...so i took a sip and it tasted like it looked - like watery milk. i asked the barista to dump it out and add more coffee, thinking he just added way too much milk. nope. that, for whatever reason, is how their coffee looked. i opted for a cup of hot coffee instead (without being offered any kind of refund...lame). it was watery, but at least it was the right color. i wasn't about to try to order a fourth drink. the bathrooms were gross and the staff all had an attitude. there are way better coffee shops around (i recommend nextdoor on diversey, although it has a really different vibe).i've been living down the street from this place for 3 years now. adorable outdoor seating but unfortunately the service here has been declining upon each visit. they are out of cold brew within the first hour of opening and the employees are frantic behind the counter. this morning they were bickering and audibly arguing in front of a 10 person line by the register. what a shame, i hope they get it together soon because it's just simply unpleasant.our sandwiches were good-not great, but we ate them. that's where the 1 star came from. the experience got 0 stars. the lady leaning on the counter kind of stared at us so we ordered then took a seat. while seated we were checking out the place and we both lit on the ceiling fan. the dust was so thick it could have made fluffy filling for a decorative pillow. then i used the restroom. besides the visible dirt and dust on every surface, there were clues that the seat hadn't been cleaned recently. visible clues. yuck. won't be back. sorry.this place is too damn delicious for the college student clientele it largely serves. when i was that age, anything other than packaged ramen noodles or day old domino's was a total treat so these blue demon's are completely spoiled by having this amazing cafe so close to their campus. excellent sandwiches and salads of which i've had the great gatsby and the sun also rises. they're there two best sellers and both are pretty easy to see why with loaded meat, melted cheese and toppings. served with a fresh pickle spear on the side it's just perfect for lunch, dinner, or in between studies snack. the atmosphere is incredibly chill and can be perfect either an extended session before finals or a first date with a tinder swipe. pretty much anything in between would work here as well now that i think about it. just be sure to bring your wallet cause it's a little bit more expensive than those packed ramen noodles i referenced before.pretty disappointed with the service and general atmosphere of this cafe. upon walking in, we were not greeted because the staff was on their phones. i wanted a cafe mocha and was told they were out of chocolate, but they could make me a different kind of latte. i asked for a vanilla latte and they said they were out of vanilla. i settled on a hazelnut latte. after ordering, we tried to find a table, but the only empty tables were covered in trash that the workers didn't clear off. the tables were also put so close together that navigating through the place was a nightmare, and the upstairs area (that i saw cute photos of) wasn't open even though it was busy. our sandwiches and drinks were fine, but the rude customer service proved to us that we could definitely find better cafes to spend a day off.i've been here several times in the past and always was satisfied. however, we ordered sandwiches to go tonight and were very disappointed. i ordered the \"pilgrims progress\" which is supposed to consist of turkey, cheese, avocado, onion and mayo as a pressed panini. when i got home i realized the sandwich had no onion, minimal avocado and turkey. the quality of ingredients are good but there seemed to be lack of quality in the prep. for a $10 sandwich this was disappointing. something is off about this place lately...great sandwich if you're willing to wait 45 minutes. we were one of the only tables in the joint on a sunday and waited 45-60 minutes for two great gatsby's. while the sandwhich was amazing, the wait was lengthy. be prepared for a long wait. very slow service. nice outdoor seating. chip selection is slacking.really good joint. delicious food beautiful atmosphere. came here on a whim with some friends and was throughouly impressedwhen i visited: 5.24.16what i got: 12 oz drip, cafe florio blenddrink review: a darker blend with notes of peach and apricots. served in a plain white, medium, white paper cup, the drink was unassuming. getting into the actual drink it was a very smooth dark roast with only a small aftertaste of bitterness. overall, very drinkable and great for settling in and either getting down to work or fully relaxing on a lazy afternoon. cafe review: 'cafe' is a bit of an understatement here. the bourgeois pig boasts a large location off lincoln and fullerton, with ample seating outside in their front courtyard and additional seating upstairs beyond the initial cafe. note, there is a restaurant in the building but in a separate room/space adjacent so since you can't seamlessly walk through it to the cafe i'll be omitting it from this review. the overall aesthetic is antique, old wood and old world style. this is the kind of spot you'd expect out of a hemingway novel, with swing music playing like in a portillo's. the cafe walls are a combination of old exposed brick and an interesting textured siding i am not familiar with. the whole building isn't just for show either; the whole thing is \"old chicago\" down to the foundation (built in 1893) as evidenced by its sneaky supply cellar adjacent to the rather old bathroom set up. (be aware: the entrance does require numerous stone steps, so beware if stairs don't bode well for you). i for one definitely recommend the second floor of the cafe for those looking for a quieter nook to read, work, or have a more intimate, quiet conversation. overall, the coffee is solid but not the main focus as the atmosphere of the spot is really the key attraction. think of a university reading room meets a swing era coffee/sandwich spot. overall visit rating: 8/10this place was so cool. it's set in an old house, so you can go to different rooms and go upstairs for unique decor and seating. also a nice patio space. good sandwiches and coffee.great little cafe! i got the spinach quiche and that hit the spot! my fianc\u00e9 got the great gatsby sandwich and it was just perfect! there's seating outside but watch out for the bees! overall, i would go there again when in the area. gives a little hint of italy to its decor!incredible place!!! so beautiful and cozy inside; so beautiful and calm outside. inside is dark and interesting. outside is just like a cafe in europe! summer days outside are the best!! :))) great for going with a friend or two ; nice place to catch up and have a fun mealthe first time i was here, i thought this one door was the entrance, so i'm like pushing on it and trying to open it, then realized that it was a this-door-doesn't-open kind of thing. it turns out that there were 2 girls sitting there. and i was trying to open the door on the one girl!!! sooo embarrassing. they looked at me like i was crazy. tip: use the door further in if you don't want weird looks thrown your waythis is a cute and unique coffee spot in lp! i haven't not yet ordered food here, \u00a0but i have had decent lattes here. their patio seating is great! they have lots of tables out in front and you can usually get a table in the shade. i went today and sat on the top floor, which i didn't realize was a huge seating area! there are tables, booths, and couches. the things that aren't great about this place is that you order on one side and then pick up your drink on another side. however the full drink menu is on the walls in the pick up area. so when i ordered my drink from a paper menu on one side, i wasn't aware of more than half of the drinks because the paper menu had a limited selection. i would have ordered differently had i known of my other options. also, there was so little ice in my iced latte that before i got half way through my drink it was lukewarm.i just leaving after waiting over 30 minutes for 1 breakfast burrito to go!! i spent $15 on a coffee and burrito my whole coffee was gone as i'm standing there waiting she brings its out on a plate, do you think i'm just standing here for the fun of it. i have never been so irritated thought i could just walk in and get something quick to eat. i will never be back.i would have probably given them a higher review a year or two ago, but i feel like they've gone downhill lately. \u00a0i'll start with the pros:very cute place. it's in an adorable house and it's honestly quite nice to sit in there and eat and drink coffee. nobody bothers you if you just want to sit and read or chat with friends.their selection is food and drinks is pretty vast.cons:the service is what's gone really downhill. the time before last that i went, it was fairly busy and i ordered a sandwich and drink. i waited for a good 20 minutes, and went back up to the front to ask about it. i guess they forgot about putting the order in so they started on it as soon as i reminded them. okay, i understand, they were busy, it happens.the last time i went there i was with my fiance and we ordered some sandwiches. the guy at the front was literally trying to get something out of his nose while we were talking to him. my fiance asked for no avocado on the sandwich and they said it wasn't possible. i thought the reason why they take a good 10 or 15 minutes to make the sandwich was because they were making it fresh? why can't they just not add an ingredient? i also asked for a iced chai tea, he said they were out. i said \"cool, can you make me some iced tea? doesn't matter what kind.\" he wasn't sure. \u00a0so i asked about the loose leaf tea, could he just make loose leaf chai (bc they had loose leaf chai) and then add ice? i brought over the tea to him and explained. he gave me water with ice in it with the tea bag so i ended up drinking iced water with a chai flavor to it. the sandwiches again took about 10 to 15 minutes to make and were alright but nothing to write home about. even my fiance who normally loves it there agreed with me that this place has fallen off the cliff. i hope they get better one day, but i understand once you have a nice cushy status in lincoln park, you're made. but i doubt i'll go back unless i hear they've gone back to their better days.my review is only for the food...so far. bourgeois was an option for fooda at my work today and their veggie panini was amazing. warm bread, gooey cheese, and a tasty combo of veggies with a pesto spread. a welcome break from the pizza and mexican food that usually show up for fooda. thank you bourgeois. i hope enough people discovered your goodness hidden down in the basement popup. i'll be trekking over to the cafe next!the atmosphere is great here. it's an old house converted to a cafe. food is decent, not outstanding - but it's a coffee shop/cafe, so you can only expect so much. the main issue is that this place is absolutely packed all the time and is a bit of a college student hangout (often for hours at a time), and there's a good chance you might not find a place to sit. service is usually good, but can be rough when there's a line (there's usually one person working).so i'm sitting in this nice, cozy coffee shop, sipping some yummy coffee and just relaxing. \u00a0sounds great, right? \u00a0it was. \u00a0except i had to listen to a couple of 20-ish philosophy majors who thought they were way smarter than they actually were, throwing around all the big words and classic names they heard in class that day. \u00a0talk about ruining my lovely coffee sips.okay, besides that unfortunate incident, bourgeois pig is a really awesome coffee shop. \u00a0i haven't eaten here yet, but their coffee is super tasty, insanely hot and comes out quick. \u00a0and if you want more than a standard latte or espresso, they have some seriously awesome coffee drink specials as well. \u00a0i did have one screwed up order, but it got fixed fairly quickly when i asked. \u00a0but the service is...okay.the space is great. \u00a0lots of workers and studiers, but if you want to just hang and talk, this is a good place. \u00a0my only issue is the cost. \u00a0this may be a $ place technically, but for 2 large americano's, you're gonna pay like $10. \u00a0no, that's not insane, and by no means the costliest coffee in the city. \u00a0but, hey, i'm new here, and still getting used to the asinine prices here.i love the food and coffee here but the service is extremely slow. they are way understaffed and need changes to keep people coming.i showed up before 10am on a sunday, and there was only 1 employee working who barely spoke to customers. his coworker eventually returned from cvs, utterly dismayed by the long line of customers. then she made two hot lattes that should've been iced. then she told me they were completely out of decaf and straws, and there were no slips with the wi-fi password left at the counter. then they stopped accepting any card payments. my friend ordered a vegetarian breakfast bowl and was given a ham sandwich. the location itself is nice, but the employees were both surly and had no remorse about their poor service.used to be really great. now they routinely leave out ingredients and charge the same high prices. really disappointed. especially not recommended for delivery.the atmosphere here is definitely one of a kind. everything seems literature themed which appeals to my nerdy side. now i've only had the drinks but they've been pretty good every time. if i was closer to this place i definitely go there for coffee or anywhere else. i'm sure it would be busy when schools in session but i went in the summer at night so it was pretty empty.this caf\u00e9 is really cute and the atmosphere is so nice! that said the coffee is *ok* but nothing special, honestly a little smoky and not as hot as i'd like it to be, and their pastries are not bad but again nothing special. but!!! the atmosphere is really great and the outside sitting area is sooooo cute, the indoor area is really warm and cozy, the kind of place i could (and do) sit for hours with a book or a study date!i stopped in for breakfast at 9 am a couple weeks ago only to be told the chef was running late so the kitchen wouldn't be open until after 10. so i went elsewhere. i popped in just now for a quick double espresso. after waiting in a 4 person line for 10 minutes with nobody taking any orders, i asked the barista if anyone. was along orders. he said it was. just him but he was making chai for another order. i didn't have another 20 minutes so i left. 0 for 2 on service.it's cute, sure, but is it worth waiting 30 minutes for a turkey sandwich? i can assure you it's not. this wasn't a special order. one turkey sandwich. thirty minutes. if you have a lot of time to waste, maybe the ambience can make up for this place's complete inability to be both a sandwich and coffee shop.wonderful little jewel in chicago burbs. \u00a0 the music and decor takes u back to the roaring 20s or 30s. \u00a0food fresh & delicious. \u00a0we split one of the iconic sandwiches all named after great works of fiction. we enjoyed the great gatsby. \u00a0loved iti came here on a crowded sunday afternoon with 6+ people and used my indie coffee passport for a free coffee. \u00a0they marked my passport with a pig-shaped stamp. \u00a0their windowpane had lettering that read: \"antiquarian cafe.\" \u00a0this place is nothing short of adorable. \u00a0the bourgeois pig cafe is a beloved lincoln park favorite. \u00a0plus the name is so fun to say.there are two parts to the establishment. when you walk up the stairs, sandwiches on the left, coffee/drinks on the right. \u00a0but if you order food and decide to sit upstairs on the right-side, the servers will happily bring your sandwich to you (as i observed). \u00a0sweet.i was very tempted to give this place three stars because really, the space does not accommodate large groups. \u00a0they do have a \"designated\" section for group meetings and a sign that tells you to limit your meeting to 60 minutes. \u00a0but my goodness, the room is the size of a small pantry.however, i appreciated the uniqueness of bourgeois pig and didn't want its lack of space to impact the 4-star rating. \u00a0the truth is, if i were to ever come either alone, with 2-3 others max and/or attend depaul in another lifetime, i would be in love with this place. \u00a0if i were a college student i think i would spend an unhealthy amount of time here nestled on a claw-footed chair.the interior is so fun and it feels like a vintage shop just happened to turn itself into a cafe. \u00a0if you've ever been to the new elephant resale shop of chicago, just south of depaul's campus on 1145 webster, you might know what i mean. \u00a0they have vintage coke signs in french tacked onto their doorways, an extensive selection of teas in a floor-to-ceiling wooden cabinet and just a whirlwind of things to look at and admire (or question).... like in a thrift shop.this cafe has been the one with the most \"character\" so far on the indie coffee passport but then again i still have a lot more cafes to explore in the city. \u00a0happy caffeination! you will enjoy your experience here, just avoid coming in large groups. (unless you can snag the upper room with two claw-footed sofas and sit four facing four with your cups placed on a studded chest doubling as a table).i have given this place about five chances now and been disappointed every time. \u00a0you'll notice you can order delivery or pickup here on yelp. \u00a0cool, right? not once you realize upon showing up for your order that the people at the cafe have no idea you even placed an order you were charged for. \u00a0apparently they do not deliver but have not disabled this on their yelp page for months. \u00a0and yes, they will give you attitude like it's your fault.the only reason i continued to eat here is because of the great gatsby - it's delicious.....if you actually receive one. \u00a0today i called and ordered ahead a great gatsby, caesar salad and i had a cookie. \u00a0the great gatsby was missing mayo, bacon, turkey and avocado. \u00a0it did have pesto, artichoke on half of it and random olive slices. \u00a0definitely not the taste i had been craving and expected when i got home and bit into the sandwich. \u00a0i called the restaurant and was told the new guy made a mistake and gave me a veggie panini? \u00a0um....not sure how that happened. \u00a0i realize mistakes happen but it was a ton of bread with some random olive slices and a few pieces of artichoke heart on the other half? \u00a0i would have asked for my money back even if i had ordered that sandwich because there was barely any product between the bread. \u00a0i also waited longer once i arrived to pick up than quoted on the phone so i'm not sure what took so long. \u00a0anyway, i was grateful to get a refund for the sandwich. \u00a0boy do i wish i had dug into the sopping wet salad which was now inedible and crumbly cookie before i hung up the phone.i have never been treated to such a comedy of errors. stopped in for a latte. manager interrupts my order, which is a huge pet peeve. lady, don't talk over me like i am not here. latte machine broken. there are tables shoved together in a pile like maybe they aren't open. but they are serving people. so i ask for a san pellegrino lemonata . the guy charges me $3.88 and then asks where the lemonade is. there is no lemonade. the guy tries to refund my money. the guy can't figure out the machine.can you hang awhile? he asks.i can. i wait for 10 minutes. finally i approach the manager. i explain the situation. \"that costs more than a lemonade so you're fine\"i say \"lemonade coats $3.88. this costs $1.65. how is this more?\"she directs me back to the first guy who now has a huge line.i tell her i've already been waiting 10 minutes.she starts to exasperatingly pull bills from her pocket but they are all too big.she walks off. she finally comes back with 3 dollars.what gets me is her disdain, like i wrecked her day by being a customer.if you are going to run a coffee shop, run a freaking coffee shop.i used to love this place so much. i think it needs a deep cleaning and overhaul of the staff. i paid nearly $20 for a chai latte and a veggie sandwich. the sandwich took *20* minutes to make while i stood there and waited. i asked about it twice. the bread was stale when i got it. (no pun.) upon another visit i paid 8.75 for a cookie and an iced chai. yikes! get it together, bp! keep the small business alive like you mean it!live review: we've been waiting here for over 35 minutes for two sandwiches... that is all. two basic sandwiches. this is not somewhere to come for a quick bite. do not bring your kids. do not come here on a time crunch. do not come here and expect a deli.two stars because it would be a cute spot if i had two hours to eat lunch.very disappointed in my first and what will be my only experience at this disastrous place. after waiting 5 minutes in line (there were 2 people in front of me), the guy at the register proceeds to walk away as i step up to the counter. doesn't say \"i'll be with you in a few minutes\" or even acknowledge i'm there. the 3 workers i saw there all seemed to work slowly and without urgency. 3 people behind me left because they couldn't wait that long, and i should've followed their lead. after standing there like i was invisible for 5 more minutes, he doesn't even apologize or say \"thanks for waiting\" before asking what i want. i knew it was a red flag there, but i was hungry so i still ordered food for my sister and myself. we proceed to sit outside, waiting at least 40 minutes for our food!! \u00a0after someone who sat down after us got a sandwich, i feared they had forgotten about our food. i walked up to the counter and asked if our food was coming and said that we had been waiting 40 min. the man asked for my name and said they were really behind. he checked with the cook in the back and said it'd be another 3 minutes. we ended up waiting another 7+ minutes before our food finally came. the man apologized, saying they didn't expect the rush from the marathon, yet he said it as an excuse and without asking if we had everything we needed. dude, there was not that many people there, plus they would've known about the marathon and could've prepared for any extra influx. suffice to say, the meal was not worth a 50 minute wait. my breakfast bowl and my sister's veggie panini were mediocre. could've made it better and cheaper ourselves. i asked for no sour cream on mine, which they remembered, but then they forgot to put the avocado on! so, an hour after arriving at this place, i get an incorrect, lackluster meal. my sister and i were not impressed. poor customer service and quality. i'm warning you guys, it's not worth it.hmm... where do i start? 1. overpriced -- paid $37.49 for 2 \"1/2\" sandwiches (garden party & sun also rises), the nicoise salad, and the fruit and yogurt bowl with plain yogurt--sooo not worth it! prepacked, overpriced, and not fresh. go to panes bread cafe or cafecito in downtown (2 locations) instead, people! the portions, prices, and quality are equal to what you pay, and better than bp--by faaarrr. 2. meager sandwich fillings and salad -- the sar was mainly bread, with 2 skimpy pieces of turkey, mostly bread, and the gp had no hummus whatsoever! the salad, described as: \"our version of this french classic, our tuna dill salad surrounded by portions of boiled new potatoes, tomatoes, hard boiled egg, artichoke hearts, cucumbers, red onions, nicoise olives of course and anchovies (optional). served with balsamic vinaigrette\" had no potatoes, hardly any onions, 4 pieces of cucumber, and olives that were 90% pit. 3. got my order wrong -- i clearly stated i wanted no cheese on both sandwiches --what did i get on them? cheese! i said i wanted anchovies in the salad, but on the side. what did i get? no anchovies whatsoever! ever since i discovered ap restaurants, i've used it quite frequently, and i can say this has been the worst experience i've had, where not one, but 3/4 items i ordered were wrong. i wanted to try this place bc of the reviews, but i'll never be ordering from here again. they're a place that seems to rest on their laurels, and think it's ok to serve pre-packaged sandwiches, or not pay attention when getting an order. well, oink you, b. pig!i'm not even going to taste my food to write this review. nearly an hour to wait for a sandwich and salad on a not very busy tuesday. cashier is really nice but they have one cook. skip it. oh, and cash only since square was down. awards are years ago.update: wife's salad was wrong. my sandwich was ok, but certainly not for the price.overall: an interesting and fun cafe in the heart of fullerton. great food and atmosphere, just a little too high priced. still great!the good: a ton of sandwiches, all great tasting. great salads as well. haven't had the soups/breakfast yet. the 'treats' are also great tasting, and they have great coffee! cool atmosphere and outside seating too.the bad: not much, just that it's a little overpriced for what you get. the sandwich i had was great, but it was small for $9. if i hadn't gotten a full salad as well, i would've left hungry. $20 for both...atmosphere: 9/10service: 9/10food: 8/10this place is as amazing as everyone says! be prepared to wait in a line, but you won't be disappointed! very quaint decor ....bourgeois pig is a pretty decent cafe to plop down at for a coffee or grab lunch. i like the old house vibe of the inside, which seems very conducive to studying alone or with a group. indoor seating can be kinda limited, though, which is a downside. the outside accommodations are good, if it's a sunny day in lincoln park.on our first visit, my boyfriend got the baked omelette of the day, and it was pretty disappointing. portion size was small for the price, and the staff forgot his toast. when the toast came, it was dry and didn't come with any butter or jam. i, however, got the great gatsby panini and fell in love. homemade foccacia with pesto sauce, bacon, turkey, avocado, cheese, greens, pressed on the grill?! um yum. it was so good, i didn't even feel guilty about not sharing more than a bite.i played it safe and got the same thing the second time i went (so did my boyfriend), but it took forever to get the sandwiches on a seemingly not too busy afternoon. the gatsby was still delicious, but i was also ravenous after running the chicago marathon.i'll be back for the gatsby, but that's it!i found this cafe on yelp so i figure i'd give it a try since i was going to lincoln park anyway. i was only a tiny bit disappointed. the decor and atmosphere was exactly what i love. it was a nice change from all the fancy, over crowded and over priced places i've been going to lately.i ordered an apple cider and the sun will rise sandwich. something along those lines. one of the staff members recommended those two sandwiches to us, so we just followed through. my friend ordered the gatsby. we went upstairs to sit and it made me love it even more. so cozy!! actually, i didn't really like my sandwich. it wasn't terrible, but i just thought the gatsby tasted significantly better. the apple cider was pretty good too. i really wish that there was a cafe with this kind of style in california. wishful thinkings. but i had to subtract a star because i ended up taking a few bites of my sandwich and my friend just ripped hers apart (literally) and took bites here and there.i love this place and have been going here regularly for a bit over a year. super chill atmosphere - great for reading, writing, emails, etc. the food is delish and the patio is super nice. 4 stars because i'm never sure when they'll close. i always thought it was 9, but sometimes they'll start closing at like 6? kind of a bummer. don't get the tea in the cast iron pots because they just make the tea taste like iron.i've become so frustrated with this place. i want to come back but every time i do i wonder what i was thinking. my fiance and i came in to order a couple sandwiches to go. it took over 35 minutes for our sandwiches to be ready. i can go to a sit down restaurant and have a hot meal in front of me in less time. over time the sandwiches have gotten worse. the staff always seems to be flustered and not know what is going on. it's become a big disappointment for me.this is my mother's favorite coffee place on the planet. the building has a magic historical vibe to it. perfect place to hang out. the coffee is good, but there aren't a crazy amount of options. this is the place to go when you want to read a good book, journal, or do some work. to hang out. i would you come specifically for the food or the coffe, i love it here for the building and atmosphere itself!the service here is so bad. they are so slow and so rude. the treat all of their customers like idiots. not sure how they still get business.pretty disappointed with my last visit. \u00a0second time coming and i just don't see how i will ever go back in a city where there is an endless assortment of food options. \u00a0it seems like this place has become complacent. \u00a0i'm aware they have been around since 1993, but that does not give you the right to be meh and charge lincoln park prices and just keep on keepin on.i ordered the half sandwhich/half salad and was charged $14.75(ish). \u00a0it seemed high, so i asked the cashier as i paid.. i thought this was $11.75? to no fault of his own, he pointed me to the chalkboard where the updated price was listed. apparently, the owner hasn't updated the menus. \u00a0really lp cafe owner, i think you can afford to laminate 15 sheets of new menus.-next, my sandwhich came out on very dried out bread and the salad edges were browned. \u00a0very disappointing at any price.i am not one to send back food unless it is truly not edible, so i ate it, but not with much enjoyment and definitely without desire to ever come back.snap out of it bourgeois pig cafe owner! \u00a0clean your darn bathroom, put some ice in the water pitchers, sell your day old bread as is, and sell your full price paying customers fresh bread, staff the coffee side adequately, and don't hand out menus with outdated prices. \u00a0if you do these things, maybe i will come back one day.this is probably one of the most unique coffee shops you will ever visit. what looks like an old, victorian-era chicago home is now a place to get gourmet sandwiches. baked goods, and coffee/tea.the coffee is good, normally they have bow truss served i have yet to try the tea.the food is yummy. their cold sandwiches are made from scratch and use high quality meat. i personally like \"the merchant of venice\" which is commonly known as an italian elsewhere. i'm not that great at describing the interior but it's spacious, vintage style and a cozy place to do homework.i would rate this place 5 starts but my only concern is that it is a bit pricey as far as some of their products.i love sandwiches.. simple but filled with amazingness! the layering is an art. this place did me justice. great gatsby is a favorite and clearly a winner. it tasted delicious and it was perfectly pressed. paired with a pickle and a bag a chips. as it should be. the atmosphere is really nice. super chill, came here after a day at the zoo. will be back :)i had been wandering back to my hostel sometime last january, and was desperately in need of a warm something to bring the feeling back to my face. enter the quaint and inviting bourgeois pig cafe. the barista saw that i was having trouble deciding what i wanted so he clued me in to the bacon-flavored syrup they had just gotten, and we came up with a chocolate-bacon-latte. (and yes, it was every bit as divine as it sounds!)it was too cold to sit outside, but they have two floors and the upstairs had been arranged to feel like your living room or a library. the only way to describe their decor is that it has character, from the rich colors, mahogany wood furniture to exposed brick walls and literature-themed menu. perfect for lunch with friends, or just to spend an afternoon in with a large mug of coffee and something to read!nice and cozy place with excellent coffee ( i had the white cafe mocha). panini portions are huge and yum! will visit again to explore more.a cute little cafe near fullerton train stop. the whole cafe is situated in an older wooden house. a great place to slow down your day, enjoy a cup of coffee/tea, read a book or catch up with a friend. also a good date spot. they have seats outside and two entrances as i understood, one of them has cakes (choose that one, haha) but both offer beverages. coffee is good, chocolate cake too, they offer sandwich and small snacks as well.my husband really thought i'd love the place. \u00a0he's been here years ago and he loved it. \u00a0its a cute and cozy place. \u00a0and i loved how the sandwiches have literature inspiried names. \u00a0i really wanted to love the place but sadly, the whole experience fell flat. first they were out of soup. \u00a0it's unseasonably cold in chicago and you are out of soup. \u00a0and when asked if they were cooking any more up in their kitchen, the counter girl said yes, but it would be \"hours\" before it would be ready. \u00a0so we perused the rest of the menu--they have it up on a chalkboard in such an inconvenient area--to read the whole menu you have to walk the length of the room so you might have to walk in front of people already in line--made for a very confusing parlor game. \u00a0 they do have paper menus at the register--easier to read and you're not getting in anyone's way. the sandwiches. \u00a0my husband and i shared the son also rises (on the menu it's touted as being on 2007 best dish list \u00a0from chicago magazine) \u00a0i wish i had that 2007 sandwich because it was not worth the hype they rave about. \u00a0the sandwich was missing the alfalfa sprouts and the bread was not the sun dried tomato bread it is listed as having. \u00a0so we missed that whole concept. \u00a0the other sandwich we shared was the italian panini which is basically an italian sub but on panini bread and toasted. \u00a0i don't know what they did, but one piece of bread was a total soggy mushy mess. \u00a0maybe it was a blessing as it was one less carb i ingested? \u00a0i dunno but it was real disappointment. and remember that soup that wouldn't be available \"for hours\"? \u00a0well, when our server brought out our sandwiches, another server brought out a huge bowl of steaming soup to another customer. \u00a0what the hell.i have yet to try out the food, but coffee and ambiance at bourgeois pig cafe is great! \u00a0the main seating area is a little cramped, but they utilize the space well: two rooms on the main floor, upstairs and a patio. \u00a0i'm disappointed when lattes taste more like milk than coffee, and that's definitely not the case here - drinks are excellent.it the best sandwich place ever! 20 years ago i used take my son here. loved it then and now ! just ate a terrific sandwich just as good as i remember! good job mason! \u00a0open another one in houston, please !coffee = good 4/5 (simple cold brew)food = meh 3/5 (breakfast bowl, tasty but a little overcooked)service = poor 1/5 (bad attitude + 25 min wait for food)stopped in on monday morning for a bite, coffee, and some computer work. sat at the nice patio out front with fresh air and shade. ordered a cold brew and the guy working at the front reacted as if i asked him to wash my feet when i asked for milk that was not out already, then had to check on the status of my food after 20 minutes though there were maybe 3-4 others in the whole place. i get that it's monday, but man what a mood killer.would swing through again, just recommend the staff acts a little less like they hate the existence of humanity.\"love the pig!! best authentic coffee shop in chicago.\" \u00a0for those sick of the corporate \"skcubrats\"; it's so great to know chicago still has these spots to call home.if i could give negative stars i would. this place has garbage service and is completely understaffed especially considering the busy neighborhood it is situated. we waited in line for 20 minutes because we were on our way to the lincoln park zoo and had heard this place was just great. after finally ordering, we waited another 15 minutes while the barista made drinks for other people. he had evidently forgotten about us and despite looking and seeing us waiting during that time didn't bother to check in. after confronting the barista to ask either for the drink or for our money back, he rolled his eyes said \"yeah i'll make it\", gave my boyfriend the wrong drink, and didn't say anything else. by this point we'd wasted an hour of time, $6.00 for a subpar drink, and lost much of our originally planned afternoon. will not return, and you should not waste your time on this atrocity of a coffee shop.so i wouldn't have known this place existed until my friend told me about it. i'm all for cafes and this place was the most adorable and cozy little cafe i've ever been to. rustic decor with a calm and comfy ambiance. their cafe and food area are separated due the original architecture of the building but ask the staff and they will help you to the right place. my friends and i met up here for a quick get together. we got our drinks that were all under $5 btw and went to the upstairs seating area. it was super quite but it was the perfect place to sit and chat. i felt really at home here and i might just make this place my new spot for getting work done. the cafe is tucked away in a little corner on fullerton, so you gotta keep your eyes peeled for it. my dirty chai was delish and my friend gulped down her hot chocolate in minutes. they have food too though, i can't be the one to comment on that. i'll try it next time for sure! other than that, people who enjoy working in cafes should definitely check this place out :)adjectives: cozy, your college kind of coffee shop, spaciousdish: drip coffee and a maple bacon sconebougeois pig usually is busy with nearby depaul students, so the place is usually bustling with philosophical conversation and study groups. a classic coffee shop- mismatched wood furniture, a quality (not froofy) coffee menu, and good music. their music choices are great for conversation, but usually too loud and jazzy for me to settle in with a book. lots of windows and seating, so on early weekend mornings when it is still quiet, amazing place to sit and relax in the sunlight.bourgeois pig participates in chicago coffee passport and offers a medium latte (i added syrup for no extra charge), medium drip coffee, medium tea, or medium chai.free wifi with good signal, but 2 hour time limit.i don't understand where their awards are coming from. a sandwich and a coffee was 13 bucks. the sandwich was mediocre at best. i had the sun rises or something along those lines. the worker there was very curt and unreceptive. i asked for a recommendation as i've never been here and it was like i asked her to do some jumping jacks. 2 stars for the old school layout. other than that i wouldn't bother. go get some awesome coffee and donuts elsewhere. there are plenty of choices around here for that!unpretentious and intimate-sized, this cafe is great spot to catch a bite over some light work/reading material. it gets a bit loud, so i couldn't imagine getting any arduous work done. sandwiches:the beggar's opera w/ a bag of doritos: 4the old man and the sea w/ a bag of potato chips: 4.5herbal blend chilled tea: 4bow truss coffee: 4fun cafe near the fullerton l stop. located in what looks like an old house, the bourgeois pig consists of a sandwich/salad restaurant and a next door cafe. i came with a friend and tried the gazpacho, which was fresh and flavorful. my friend got a great gatsby, which i tried a few bites of--super delicious and large portions! i also tried a chai tea, which was great and foamy as well. we sat outside in their porch/outdoor seating area and read for a few hours in the late afternoon--a perfect summer day spot!this is a nice little coffee shop with good coffee and great ambiance. however, the staff was very rude, especially a college aged girl taking orders. nevertheless it has a nice outdoor seating area in spring time.so, i haven't made a yelp review in a long time but unfortunately i have to share this experience because it was without exaggeration, dreadful. i visited on a sunday night, and it was fairly busy, which is a good sign. i was meeting a friend so i went up to the counter to order before finding a table to wait. i ordered a hummus plate and a dirty chai with almond milk and then they told me there was a 20 minute wait for espresso. no matter how busy it is, a 20 minute wait for coffee is unbelievable. so i went to sit down. 20 minutes pass \u00a0by and i get my hummus plate delivered to me. then my friend meets me and goes up to order. she comes back and tells me that my chai with a shot of espresso had been made, and that she saw it sitting there on the counter getting cold (they have always delivered coffee to where the customer is sitting-- the way my hummus plate was delivered) and she heard the manager walk up to it, ask how long it had been there and then throw it out. then the girl at the counter told my friend they were out of chai so she came back to me and told me i had to order something different after i had already paid. so we went back up to the counter, and my friend asked to clarify that they don't have any chai left, and the manager then said that they did! the girl at the counter just says, \"oh i thought we were out\". so my friend orders the same thing i did (a dirty chai with almond milk-- which almond milk, by the way, costs extra) and then the manager makes mine with almond milk and hers with regular milk! at that point we were so tired of coming up and getting confused that we just sat down, drank our tea, and left. i don't know if this was a rare occurrence but it was absolutely ridiculous. i will not be returning.lovely atmosphere. quiet nooks with plenty of workspaces. interesting layout architecturally, a house turned cafe. pleasant staff and tasty beverages. additionally, their bakery treats are freshly made throughout the day and make the whole place smell delicious. 10/10love this place for veggie sandwiches. i tend to get the secret garden with a jamaican latte (honey & cinnamon). the literary theme is so cute and definitely puts me in the mood to read!! would recommend for sure.they have such a nice space to work with here but the business itself is a train wreck. \u00a0there are multiple places to hang out (outside, upstairs, two separate rooms on the main level) if you're looking to go somewhere to get some work done or just have some privacy without feeling like they want you out of there. \u00a0they have a room in the back upstairs that you could probably die in and not be found for weeks.having said that, the staff and execution of the business are terrible. \u00a0ordering food is always an ordeal because they don't seem to be set up to handle food service properly. \u00a0it's not uncommon to hear the employees complaining to regulars about how bad the ownership is; which, after going there a few times i pretty much agree with. in general this place has decent coffee and if you're looking for a shoulder to cry on you can always commiserate with the staff as they're more than willing to share the harrowing injustices faced by millennials on a daily basis.the bourgeouis pig cafe is admittedly around the corner from my office... and let's say i went there about 5 years and waited a ridiculously long amount of time for a basic sandwich - so i've shy'd away from re-visiting until last week.... i'm happy i gave them another shot!i had a 730 am meeting, with a workout before - so therefore had worked up an appetite for something healthy, close and tasty. \u00a0my colleague decided to check out the bourgeois - and were pleasantly surprised. \u00a0the latte i had was crafted perfectly - and the breakfast bowl's that we both had were spot on (the toast they served with it was amazing).local. tasty & fresh. \u00a0check it out if you're in the hood!i ordered a large drip coffee and a scone. the cashier asked me if i wanted light or dark roast. i asked her what the difference was, what kind of dark roast beans. \u00a0she just said \"i don't know\". \u00a0 trying to help her out i asked \"is it like french roast\"? \u00a0she said \"yeah, i don't know...it's intelligentsia\" i have drank intelligentsia for years, so i was like, ok whatever. \u00a0the cost was about $7 which probably sounds \u00a0a bit steep for a drip coffee and a scone, but that was not the biggest problem. the cashier handed me a pile of singles as change, and did not count them. \u00a0it just didn't seem right, so i hastily gathered my stuff and found a seat and counted the bills, which were $5 short. \u00a0so i got back in line and told her i was shorted. \u00a0she said \"well, you walked away, what can i do?\" \u00a0i guess the burden of proof was on me and the moment was over i have to give her that, i should have been quicker, what can i say. \u00a0i went back to my seat and was sitting there trying to work, fuming about my damn $5, when i got the idea to ask her, when her shift was done, if she was over $5, could i come get it. \u00a0she said she'd count her drawer for me in a little bit. \u00a0after about 20 minutes she comes up to me and says that she was \"only over $1.37\". \u00a0trying to even give her the benefit of the doubt, i asked if she perhaps dropped a $5 under the counter? \u00a0she was like \"no i only had singles, i gave you all singles\". \u00a0look reader, i know you don't know me from adam but i only walked into that place with 2 20s and i had a 20 and 8 singles when all was said and done. \u00a0the employee is poorly trained: everyone knows you count the change back to the customer, and she was clearly never taught this. and my situation is why you always count back change to the customer. \u00a0the berry scone was fresh and fluffy with lots of berries. \u00a0the \u00a0coffee was bad, gritty consistency, with a burnt flavor. i think it was just burnt. i really don't think it was intelligentsia, i have drank it for over 20 years, unless it's just that i never drank it burnt \u00a0 it was just weird. anyhow, the menu is formidable, vast. there are a lot of cheesecakes to choose from also. the small sitting area is dark and jam-packed with heavy duty vintage tables and chairs. \u00a0the place needs a good dusting, maybe redecorating.  in summary i overpaid for burnt coffee and was shorted $5. \u00a0i was so upset that i told myself to wait a few days before posting just to stay objective. \u00a0there are a few starbucks nearby; i recommend using those. i will never set foot in that place again. i you have to eat here, get tea, not coffee and pay with plastic.we came by bourgeois pig for a quick coffee break during a leisurely day driving around chicago. my husband and i came from out of town, so we had little to no context for this shop, but apparently it's a salient place? our friend and guide told us it was a popular spot in lincoln park.we stayed just long enough to drink some coffee and use the bathroom and sit for fifteen minutes enjoying a spot of nice weather. both the little cafe and the outdoor patio were cute and pleasant. no problems with service. there were people on the patio, but no one in line when we ordered.i had a tasty iced coffee and had a good time relaxing outside. there was some kind of student at a nearby table with a laptop and a copy of infinite jest laid out in front of him. i'm guessing he was settled in pretty good. our stay was short and sweet. i'd recommend bourgeois pig for a caffeine interlude if you're milling around lincoln park.waited about 35 mins for two sandwiches that when i ordered them was told i couldn't modify bc they are premade. so not sure why premade sandwiches take that long when it wasn't busy at all. also there is a fine line between rustic and dirty. this place was seriously grimy. 23$ for two sandwiches that were partly cold is a bit ridiculous.there aren't a whole lot of oldschool coffee shops in chicago, so it's nice to see one that's so well-executed on the atmosphere front. cozy's the word i'm looking for. \u00a0what's keeping me from giving it more stars is the food. i haven't actually had any, mind. in fact, that's my complaint. such a sprawling menu, and yet no vegan options. sure, i could ask them to deliberately take half the flavor out of one of their lacto-ovo sandwiches by removing the mayo and cheese, but i'm way too old and jaded for that kind of nonsense.i've been to this cafe a number of times for decent coffee. \u00a0today i turned up mid-morning and the place was busy but by no means full. \u00a0i went to the counter to order my take away coffee, and was the only one in the queue. five minutes later, staff having wandered around, eyeballed me and decided that they were too busy to ask if i wanted anything i left. i wont be going back, and by the looks of other recent reviews the hip but self important staff at this joint are running it into the ground. shame.i wanted to like it here but won't be back- i spent $11.50 on a sandwich with no sides, which seems overpriced for the neighborhood, but the real issue is the service. after waiting 30 min for my sandwich, i went in to check on it. the woman working the counter didn't apologize but just said it typically takes 30 min. she went back to the kitchen where i could see a row of sandwiches waiting and explained that they are too busy to bring the sandwiches out to people. my sandwich was soggy and lukewarm since it had probably been sitting for several minutes.too expensive and too many options in lincoln park to wait 30 minutes for an expensive sandwich and bad service.well...i don't know. i want to love this place, but on subsequent visits, i've noticed that the food and service aren't that great. i get it that this is a popular spot and that it gets very crowded at times. but it takes a long time to get your order, and the food just isn't as tasty as it could be. soups are incredibly salty but don't have a full bodied flavor that soups should have (maybe they cover that by adding a lot of salt). sandwich bread is sort of dry, and the sandwich fillings are sort of skimpy. i imagine they have to cut back somewhere to turn a profit, especially if there are hordes of people taking up table space all day to surf the internet and drink one lowly cup of coffee. in addition to that, there's never any water, napkins, or silverware to be found. this could be a better run establishment with better quality food and service. but i guess they don't have to be since there's always a crowd. oh well.waited 35 minutes to find out that the staff never sent the order back to the kitchen. offered us a free cookie. we asked for our money back and left. felt like they were \"sorry not sorry.\"best paninis/sandwiches in lincoln park. we love the gatsby the most! the molasses cookies are phenomenal too.been here both to study, and also to eat, and depending on your goal i think you'll have very different perspectives of bourgeois pig. it is first and foremost a caf\u00e9, with the food being secondary. the facility itself is essentially an old house converted into a caf\u00e9 on the first floor, with space to study outside on the patio, and upstairs. it is actually a great set-up insofar as its abundant table space, natural lighting, and lack of crowdedness(generally). for food, i've tried both the beggar's opera sandwich(one of their self-reported best-sellers), along the julius caesar salad. homemade basil pesto, grilled chicken breast, swiss cheese, avocado, and spinach on a sandwich? sign me up. when i got it though the chicken was pretty dry, and there didn't seem to be enough basil pesto compared to the rest of the ingredients to really salvage that. all in all, it wasn't a sandwich that really came together for me. salad was actually pretty good, though a normal caesar salad with chicken breast shouldn't be too much to ask for from most any caf\u00e9. 8/10 for the atmosphere and study space. 6/10 for the sandwiches.they may rave about the food and coffee but they have a long way to go in terms of basic customer service, which is equally as important. sorry bourgeois pig, but if you're going to hire a kid who works at a snails pace everything just goes downhill from there.great food, cool people, and veggie friendly, but had to wait 15 minutes for a drip coffee to gostopping in for the first time in years and trying to catch all of the local places i was too young to appreciate back in college. this was an amazing find, decently priced and a wonderful environment for folks who have some time to kill and want to take in some great breakfast food/coffee!the coffee shop is situated on the right side of a old house. i was a little confused about the layout, but the food-centered staff was on the left and the cafe was through another door on the outside. the staff was very friendly, and the place gives off a very casual, cozy (a little messy) quality to the environment. the music was a little loud for my taste though.i ordered the jamaican latte, and my girlfriend ordered the usual latte. i was tempted to go a little bold because this was unique to this cafe, but i didn't quite enjoy the taste. it tasted nice from the honey, but then it was a little spicy and the bottom half of the drink wasn't as refreshing as i would have hoped. i won't be ordering this again, but it was nice to try! the latte was great though. nice to stop by if you're in the area once in a while!the atmosphere here is so unique. it's like grabbing coffee in a house full of tables to sit and enjoy foamy, rich coffee. i got a bianca (white mocha) and it was a rich treat. while the place is a well attended locale by coffee drinkers and laptop studying junkies... the cashier was super helpful at finding a table for my partner and me. she went out of her way to make us welcome and made sure we had a place to sit. i can't wait to come back and visit this quiet, yet lively coffee mansion. parking was simple on fullerton ave. the cookies are nice and soft. the food is also great, fresh sandwiches and great bread.i came here with a friend because the cafe just looked so cute lol. the cafe is split into two - food on the left, drinks on the right. i ordered the iced thai coffee, my friend got the chai tea latte, and we both split the breakfast bowl. food was good and drinks were delicious. the only problem was, the drinks left both me and my friend in the bathroom. i don't know what was in it, but our stomachs were not feeling it lol. other than that, the whole cafe is just cozy and lovely!this is probably my favorite coffee and eatery place in streeterville. you can grab a scrumptious bite, eat a delicious meal or hangout here with friends. you could also just chill or work with your laptop or ipad here as well as they provide free wifi and plenty of electrical sockets.i had breakfast here this past week. i really enjoy the design, the customer service and the food was tasty. i especially enjoyed the hash browns and yummy ketchup. i had a nutella latte with coconut milk that was delicious as well. i like how they have sparkling water available on tap too! i only have one suggestion for the management - do you think you could provide recycling in your restaurant? i asked for my food \"to go\" but then i ended up having a few extra minutes to eat there, but when i tried to recycle my plastic container there was only a garbage can :( i took it with me to recycle at home, but would really appreciate if you guys could offer this at your restaurant! i will totally update my review to 5 stars if you do this! thanks.this cafe is very cute and crowded. it's super packed with people and laptops on the weekends so it makes it difficult to find a table. there's even a sign on the bathroom door designating people to leave room for diners but of course not everyone follows that. the main menus is just filled with drinks. you'll have to find the food menus either online or on paper pamphlets by the cashier. once you order, the cashier asks if you are dining in or to-go. but dining in wise, they'll ask you where you're sitting. didn't know i was supposed to pick a seat before ordering and considering the laptop crowd, this creates a slight challenge. on to the food -very good! i had the tuna sandwich and they put the tomato, lettuce, and pickles on the side. my friend had the butternut squash, and roast beef. both pretty decent portions and she enjoyed both. the food came out fairly quickly and they cleaned the tables off quickly too. i wish the water cups were larger. found myself having to get up multiple times to fill up an 5oz water glass.i came in for breakfast with my friends on a sunday at noon (about 7 of us). it is community seating, so tables are on a first come first serve seat yourself basis. given that, it's still nicer than a panera to have a sit down meal with friends. we were able to find a high top table for 8 without a problem. they have plenty of seating options for various group sizes. they also have a nice area for people visiting on their own working on their laptops. you place your order at the counter. the menu has a nice variety of options. my friend and i split two sandwiches, the avocado egg wrap and the bacon, egg and cheese croissant plus an order of hash browns. everything was delicious!! i liked the avocado egg wrap for a half a sandwich but i'd be bored with the flavor after that, i feel it needs just a touch more flavor to it or a light spice/seasoning. the hash browns were cooked perfectly and were the perfect portion size. the croissant sandwich was very flavorful and you can tell everything was freshly made. they did have some issues serving our party of 7 at the same time even though we ordered right after one another. they apologized and made up for it which i appreciated so i hope they continue to work on faster delivery of food so tables can eat at the same time. the manager/owner was visible and asking people about their experience and the staff was very friendly. i'd definitely come back!i came in around 8am on a saturday to work. i'd never been before to \"dine in\", so i was excited to see why so many of my friends love coming here to get stuff done. this place got busy fast! by 9am on a rainy saturday morning it was packed. the concept of an \"all day lounge\" is great, and as a non-coffee drinker i always feel obligated to get a coffee when i'm using a coffee shop for their space. i don't feel that way here because there are so many options here from food to drinks (including alcohol and pastries). my only gripe is food takes forever to come out. unless i order a coffee or a pastry from the counter by the register, i can expect to wait for my order. i waited once for a bagel to go and it took them 10 minutes to hand me my bagel and individual packet of philadelphia cream cheese on a weekday morning when the place was pretty empty...didn't really put me off, but heads up - on weekends you can only sit in the back at a few reserved tables if you'll be working on your laptop. so no window seats if that's what you wanted!short and sweet review. came here on saturday evening for coffee while waiting on some friends. excellent service, excellent prices (especially for the area), and a fun spot to have a cup of coffee or tea.this review is after a single visit on a saturday that had a temperature high of 96 degrees and the city was hosting lollapalooza, so it might not have been the best time for them to provide their best service. i was there with a group that included 4 adults and 3 kids. we were given the high table at the entrance with no back- bar chairs which really wasn't the best chairs for the kids to sit properly. i'm not sure if they have high chairs for children as none were provided. they have a very simple, easy to follow menu (with calories listed as well). we went ahead and ordered upfront, and once the food was ready, they dropped them off at the table. food was average at best. i got their country benedict which wasn't presented as i'm used to at other places. the poached eggs on buttermilk biscuits were placed in a bowl of pork sausage gravy. i'm used to having a crispy base for my poached eggs, but such was not the case here. it was very hard to separate the taste as everything was mixed together in a bowl or gravy. my wife ordered the midwestern omelette that was made with ham, bacon, wisconsin sharp cheddar, and a side of hash browns. i tried her omelette which was alright, but her hash browns were bland and void of any seasoning. the wait for own food wasn't long at all, but the quality was underwhelming from my end. i can see this place having an eclectic charm, but it just did not fit my needs.great place to atmosphere is absolutely amazing you sit down in a beautiful place enjoy your delicious drink very very very nice and clean environment the staff is what makes this place so wonderful you're so welcome hank very professional they simply do what you want quick and nice with no hassle the food is really delicious they don't have great variety but whatever they have they do it well and it takes very good you should try the orange juice the mocha dice coffee as for the desert the absolutely best thing they have is the chocolate mousse i think it's what it's called easily it's on the top shelf of the food of the best pastriesand precious items the shrooms on bluetooth is the best also been told from my family that the excellence is really goodi love cupitol drinks, but their pastries are really not worth your dime. their brunch items are pretty okay but compared to some of the brunch places around it, this one is just okay. my favorite drink on their menu is the mint white hot chocolate. the place is cozy, with some high communal tables, regular tables, couches, and booths. it reads more coffee shop than restaurant to me at least. beware coffee lovers - on the weekends, they limit the number of tables that people can work at so that the brunchers can find seating. either come early or come on a weekday.my review is based on horrible service not the actual food/coffee...sadly!i have never been to a place where the staff is shoo-ing you out because they are closing in 30 mins.saying something like \"please note we are closing in 30 minutes but we hope you enjoy your coffee\" would be appreciated but instead we gotwaving arms in the air pointing to the door telling us to get out.rude!i came here on a weekend to study with a friend, but the vibe can be kinda weird at first. i arrived at around noon and it seemed more like a cafe with a ton of people actually eating lunch than a coffee shop for studying. but after a couple hours, all the lunch people left and the rest of the people there were just studying. it was kind of hard to get near an outlet and half the seats are really uncomfortable to sit in (think hard wood chairs). overall, not the best coffee shop to study at but also not a bad coffee shop to study at. my latte was really good and the food that people ordered looked and smelled really delicious! will definitely be back even if i'm not studying there.such a soothing environment and very spacious! ordered the nutella latte and mocha latte but unfortunately, we were not indicated which latte was which and when a taste test was done, it could not be indicated as to which latte was which. it really wasn't that big of a deal so we continued to drink our coffee, enjoying the weather of chicago and playing tic-tac-toe. also ordered some sort of strawberry cake and it was quite tasty.good place to eat, not great but good. the water glasses are like shot glasses so you have to keep running up to get water. i wouldn't tip as there is no wait staff. they give you a good amount of food for the price and it is prepared somewhat well. i got the ham and it was very dry. i would come againi was in town to go to a blackhawks game and visit friends.... they wanted to go to a \"coffee place\" for breakfast.... why? i thought to my self. i actually want food for breakfast... well to make a long story short. bang! we arrived and got our food. the food was awesome!!! i can honestly say, i have never had as good of food at a coffee place in my life. this place is a must!looking for a boutique cafe with trendy coffee shop vibes ? check out cupitol in streeterville near navy pier. it has a very european feel to it. life is slower here. the food for a cafe is above average if not almost elite. good mix of healthy, unhealthy, light, and hardy options. the vibe is outstanding. the service and cooking is slow - you have to know going into it is going to take 20 minutes for your food - so don't come in a rush. they do take out so if you call a head it can be ready to go. we like grabbing brunch or lunch here. few of our favorites: basil gnocchi, little potatoes, burgers (trust me they are good!), or even a traditional breakfast burrito.this is a fun & classy \"fancy coffee & lunch\" fast-food type place, & while the drinks & food look fancy & delicious, they seriously fall short on both quality and flavor.i was excited for my nutella latte.. when i got it, it tasted watery with a hint of nutella. the chicken blt had watery guac.plus side is that the people at the counter were extremely helpful & friendly.it has potential, but needs to step up on flavor.pretty disappointing. i got the non fat chai latte from here and there was just a ton of cinnamon on top and zero chai flavor. literally all i tasted was cinnamon.... i get a better non fat chai latte from star bucks, sad to say.i also got a cinnamon roll which i ate about half of. the frosting was a decent cream cheese frosting but the actual roll itself once there was no more frosting was dry and tasteless. the ambiance seemed ok in there... a lot of people working and chilling, definitely seems lok e a place i could come to and get work done... but not drink any of their stuff. needless to say... i won't be back here.sticky bun french toast was unreal. \u00a0our group ordered blueberry lemon pancackes, mushroom spinach omelette, hashbrowns and a sausage gravy variation on eggs benedict. \u00a0everyone loved their food. \u00a0quick friendly service, as well.everything is so good here.. -visit #1: i loved the atmosphere, spacious room, multiple levels of seats, comfy chairs and couches, perfect for studying or chilling. regular black coffee or lattes were not my favorite here. pecan minitart was addictive especially with black tea. staff are pleasant. would come back. - visit #2:so hard to find healthy options in streeterville neighborhood if you dine out. so me asked the lady behind the ipad and she recommended the avocado wrap. avocado wrap has scrambled eggs, hass guacamole, queso fresco, pico de gallo and wheat tortilla.. portion is very well-studied, japanese style. i really liked this wrap a lot. coming back..- visit #3:i tried almost everything on the menu!! i tried all the tea selections. my favorites are the cinnamon saigon and white tea. served with with a bottle like a french press pot, their teas are so good!. tried the tuna sandwich and it was so good!. coming back..fast forward 2 weeks of similar encounters. this place is just amazing!! they opened around spring of 2017. they're open 7 am- 9 pm. it can be very crowded on weekends. original branch is in evanston. the owner lived in europe for like two decades so you can feel there is some european touch to the place. what i recommend here is everything. my favorites are the avocado wrap, european granola berries breakfast, saigon cinnamon tea and falafel burger!! don't forget the freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juice. they do have amazing croissants.great cafe with a variety of drinks and food. great for studying, hanging out, or casual meal.i've only ever been here to study. there is a ton of seating, so i've never had trouble finding a seat. and the table-space is large enough that i can spread my papers and laptop out. one negative is fact that there are not many outlets, so i would recommend having your electronics charged if you plan on staying for a longer bout of studying. the wi-fi is free and easy to connect to. in my experience, it's also pretty fast.i have tried the falafel burger, cheeseburger, fries, and grapefruit juice. i think they're all delicious, decently priced. the burgers with fries make for a hearty meal, but i don't really have any leftovers. i like that they have a lot of juice options (though i think that their cold pressed green juices are overpriced), because if i'm not feeling a coffee, that is my go-to, and not many coffee-shops/cafes have them.if you just want some water, they have a side-table with taps for both still and sparkling.overall, i really like this place, and look forward to trying more of their food, since i've liked so many of their other foods.i was visiting downtown chicago last weekend and i stopped by cupitol to have some coffee and charge my phone. i had the nutella latte, and a cheese biscuit. it was good. the nutella latte is not too chocolaty but it was good cup of coffee. the place itself is nice and clean. unfortunately, they don't have a lot of areas to plug your phone. the service though was amazing. everyone was so nice!!i love this place. they have lots of coffee, smoothie, juice and food options. they also have lots of seating and overall is bright and well lit, which makes it a good place to do work / study. the music can be a bit loud at times if you're trying to get work done, however, if they stick to instrumental music it's not bad. overall, recommend this as a coffee shop to do work.this latte is on point! \u00a0i was about to go to a nearby coffee shop which i liked just fine and told a newly local friends i was in his new neighborhoid getting coffee. he promptly suggested cupitol as his nearby preference. so thankful he did! \u00a0ambience is cool with instrumental music with a beat playing, a good mix of tables, comfy chairs and high tables. though most people were solo this sunday morning, i could see this location being adaptable to chill time alone with a book, meeting a friend or two, or work/study time. i grabbed a scone. the selection of flavors was to tempting to pass up. some traditional like maple pecan, some a little more unique like ginger lemon and they even offered a savory selection cheddar-apple.a case to the right contains fancy european-looking treats. from the looks of other guests tables, i'll have to come back and try a sandwich or juice concoction!if visiting chicago like me, walk the extra few blocks for your coffee at cupitol and you won't be disappointed.cupitol has it all! technically an all day lounge, they have a surprisingly extensive menu (including alcohol). i dropped in sunday morning to grab a coffee and get some work done. it was busy, but i was still able to get a seat just fine because the space is expansive. everything is ordered up at the counter, and if you get food they'll take your table number and bring it to you. they also clear your table for you when you're finished. which was great because they were really on top of their game and everything was super clean/organized.it was hot this morning so i went for an iced latte (16 oz) and an avocado wrap. came out to ~$12. both were perfect and i'd get them again. other yelpers have noted higher prices but i'd argue the quality was great and this is a main drag to navy pier - i can only imagine how much it costs to lease this location. so i can only hope they're here to stay, because from amazing customer service to great food and drinks, cupitol is doing everything right and it's working.we love this spot for lattes and loose teas. it's a great atmosphere for kicking back and unwinding, or even completing some light work. cozy, clean, spacious cafe with ample seating and latte: 5 (the crema was beautiful and the espresso had the perfect notes)freshly squeezed grapefruit juice: 5cinnamon saigon loose tea: 5 \u00a0(teas are served in a french press.)avocado egg wrap with wheat tortilla: 4.5service: 5sigh!yet another lukewarm latte when we popped in to see friends off to the airport. the ridiculously overpriced gravlax bagels ($9.00 each) arrived with a tiny, bologna slice of pale \"house cured salmon\", a teaspoon smear of caper-flavored cream cheese and ribbons of cucumber on a tough, chewy bagel. i'm officially done - too pricy. too tepid.delicious little cafe. even though it is a cafe, my food took restaurant time to be ready tho. i just ordered an omelet but it wasn't ready for 30 minutes, which sucked because i was kind of in a hurry. i don't know if it was just a fluke or not, but the staff did apologize for the wait. i had the spanish omelet and it was really good, especially if you love breakfast with a light kick because it has spicy chorizo and jalape\u00f1os.no pok\u00e9mon around tho... \u00a0which was a bummer. only 4 stars.excellent breakfast! i've never had such fluffy eggs! this was or first stop after landing in chicago and boy was it a great welcome to a great city! in addition to the fluffy eggs the hash browns were also the crispiest and butteriest. maybe i was just really hungry, but i think this was one of my top 3 breakfasts ever! also, the iced cinnamon tea is amazing! unlike anything i've ever tasted before. please stop here if you find yourself in chicago!such a cute cafe and great study space! there are tons of tables and lots of natural light. however, there are not a lot of outlets so come with your electronics charges! i've only tried the cappuccino so far and it was very good. everything on their menu looks quality. definitely a place to check out!cool little brewery that just opened in river east. it's a bit pricey, but hey it's the neighborhood. they have a pretty wide menu of coffees, teas, juices, assorted food and sandwiches, plus they serve wine and cocktails, which i'm never opposed to lol the main positive aspect is that it's a place in the area where you can hang out and chill, since there really aren't a whole lot of places like that in the area so close to the lake/navy pier. several people were there just chilling. didn't order anything fancy, just a grapefruit juice, but i look forward to returning since i go to the river east theater all the timecupitol is one of the few coffee shops where i can sit for hours and get work done. they have good coffee - i especially like the nutella latte - but the food is really where cupitol shines. they have a lot of options for a coffee shop, and the portions are huge - you get a lot for your money. some of my favorites are the spanish omelet and the sweet potato curry bowl. all their breakfast sandwiches are delicious as well, and their hash browns are to die for. they have tons of seating, the lighting is fantastic, and the music is good without being too loud. the only negative is that there aren't enough outlets, so you have to get there early to grab a spot near an outlet if you need power.really lovely atmosphere: open, spacious, tons of light and plenty of tables. i had a small latte- well made and not super milky. husband got the nutella latte, which we thought was just ok. we both had croissants and thought they were delicious and flaky. we'd definitely come back!pick your table before ordering your food cuz you'll have to give your table number.wanted to meet up with a couple of gal pals where we weren't sure of our timeline that evening so cupitol popped up in my search as an all day lounge. sounded great to me, as it was definitely going to be a chill atmosphere and we can could hang for as little or as long as we wanted, evening potentially having dinner there. i really enjoyed their menus. they really have it all from brunch to dinner and coffee/tea to smoothies to alcoholic beverages, not to mention their delectable selection of pastries. while they had various options, it wasn't too overwhelming and i appreciated their focused menus, as they had a distinct identity.their space was lovely...very open with various seating options. we opted for the comfy sofa area in the middle. it was a wednesday evening and it was comfortably busy. many customers were working on their laptops while others, much like us, were chit chatting our night away.we ended up staying for dinner and sharing the chips & guacamole and a side of mac & cheese. i also got the tuna nicoise salad and one of their greek beers. portions were much bigger than i thought especially for a caf\u00e9 and especially for the area, so this made me really happy. all the food was solid. not knock my socks off amazing but quite satisfying, especially for a caf\u00e9 where you usually get just a sandwich at most - not to discount sandwiches but cupitol seemed to value all their options, not trust traditional caf\u00e9 items. food was overall good and fresh.my friend got their refreshing cucumber drink. she waited a long time for this (20 minutes) and when she went up about to inquire, the guy that took her order seemed to rush in the back, so it seemed like a honest mishap in which he forgot. it came out shortly after and my friend really enjoyed it. when placing our orders, service was good. staff also regularly came by to clear our table.will definitely keep cupitol in mind, and would not mind at all coming back for dinner, but would come here any time of the day. i really enjoyed the all day lounge concept.location location location! my husband and i are so happy to have this new addition to streeterbille. secondly we adore the chill vive that this coffee shop has. the moment you go up the stairs and into the place, the music is on point and the beautiful chic modern industrial decor is very nice. we love to sit by the large windows and enjoy the luxurious chairs and the seating arrangement. the only thing that is missing is a fireplace (come on we are in the midwest). the reason i am giving this a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because they went so far to create a great atmosphere, but they fell short by not creating that warm toasty feel with a fireplace. with the huge windows, lots of cool air comes thru and we have to keep our coats on in order to enjoy that area. im glad they decided to tie in the decor and keep the history of this building alive with a twist of modern chic. this building was conste back in 1905 thru 1920 and it used to be an industrial warehouse. we have not tried their food yet, but we did try the chocolate almond croissant \u00a0and it was delicious, the plain bagel was a bit small but it was nice. the lattes were also very good and the art work was on point. we enjoyed the atmosphere so much that we stayed longer than we had planned. so we ordered another round of lattes and this time we each tried something different. i ordered the nutella latte which was very tasty, i actually enjoyed it a lot. my husband had the moca latte and he was very happy with it. overall it was a pleasant experience and we enjoyed the friendly service from the cashier, to the lady that picked up our plates she was super sweet and very polite.delicious and relaxing lattes. atmosphere was cheerful and light, i requested to turn down the ac and they quickly responded to make it more comfortable for us. i wish they had a fireplace, would make this place even more inviting. the almond chocolate croissant was yummy and very flaky with the right amount of chocolate. definitely recommend this place for a nice cup of coffee, lunch or just to unwind for a break you can thank me later.cupitol is the capitol of all things brunch! \u00a0this cute, quaint restaurant gives a fresh take on your favorite dishes but especially brunch. \u00a0the decor is trending & relaxing with high & low top tables & a lounge area with comfy sitting chairs & couches. \u00a0as for the food it is so delicious that even the leftovers taste as good as when you first ordered them and that's rare. \u00a0i ordered the berry mascarpone with scrambled eggs & fresh home-cut fries & when i tell you it's like a party in your mouth you better believe me. \u00a0the berry mascarpone had two thick pieces of french toast adorned with a berry medley & a cream cheese infused between the two pieces of toast. \u00a0it's a healthy portion but delicious non the less. \u00a0the flavors were just the right touch of sweet but not too sweet that you felt like you were eating a dessert. \u00a0and the home-cut fries were fresh and lightly seasoned with salt and oh so delicious. \u00a0i was surprised that i was able to equally enjoy the food in the day because leftovers don't usually wow me but these leftovers were still good & tasty!now to the cocktails...i really enjoyed the refreshing cucumber. \u00a0the blend of bourbon, ginger ale, cucumber, & lemon juice. \u00a0it wasn't too sweet & the blends of flavors really complimented each other. \u00a0this drink is truly one for summer. \u00a0light, cool, & refreshing!!! \u00a0it was my first visit here but it definitely won't be my last. \u00a0i'd rate this place with 2 thumbs up, a snap, & in z formation (a little in living color humor but you catch my drift...i loved the place!!!)lolsuper place, lovely staff and caring people, nice atmosphere!!!even a place for your puppygreat selection of food items and drinks, lots of nice seating, and friendly staff! we ordered the matcha latte, mocha latte, benedict, and the sweet potato bowl.the matcha latte was not overly grainy with excess powder. it was very creamy and had a nice balance between the sweetness from the soy milk to the slight bitterness of the matcha powder. it was a great sip to start the morning!the mocha latte was rich, creamy, and perfectly chocolately! it was not overly sweet and satisfied our sweetness craving well for the morning. the foam on top was very rich and luxurious. every sip was heavenly!the benedict came with two very generous patties. the gravy was also very flavorful and delicious. it was one of he more hearty items on the menu. the sweet potato bowl was nice and hearty, but a little bland. since there is a lot of brown rice, there was not much seasoning unless your every bite had a chunk of sweet potato. the vegan curry is a nice touch, but a little on the soupy side and needs to be more rich and creamy to add more flavor.10/10 i love this place. i can spend all day here, and i often do. it is the perfect spot to study. the wifi is fast, they have coffee refills, and the vibe is amazing. cozy, clean, and beautiful. one of the larger coffee shops that i've been to in chicago with a lot of different options for seating. outlets are a little sparse so if you are planning to camp out make sure you charge your stuff before coming! food is amazing and you get a lot for the price. i've tried the spanish omelette, breakfast sandwich, brownies, and chai latte. all of which have exceeded my expectations. the portions are hearty and the service is pleasant. i will be back.i found this place on instagram and told my husband about it because it's two blocks from us and the food looked good. we came in today as first timers and we ordered off the menus. we sat waiting for our food for about 30-45 mins for a waffle, bacon, and omelette with toast, that was flag one. then they brought our food to us in to-go boxes! we told them we were dining in. so they took the food out the containers and brought it to us and our food was sooooo cold and the waffle was very hard. my husbands omelette was cold, toast cold and they brought me another waffle out but it was hard as a rock and i had to drain it in syrup to make it soft but that didn't help much at all! not to mention the server didn't bring me any syrup so i had to walk up and ask her for some and she handed me the jar or syrup. pretty as the picture - perhaps? experience - i'll pass!amazing decor + amazing smoothiestumbled into this joint while wandering back to downtown chicago from navy pier, was very impressed by the decor. the whole place just felt right. high ceilings, a variety of seating options, a perfectly tucked away counter that was right along the entrance. they put a ton of thought into the layout! if i was a local i would definitely spend a lot of time here, even the water dispenser was awesome, with sparkling and still!i was not hungry so can't comment on the pastries but the prices were reasonable and the showcase looked amazing! i had an iteration of a green monster smoothie, with avocado, reasonably priced and delicious!i was so high on this place... great food, friendly staff and comfortable ambiance. but, i stopped going in because of some inconsistencies with food. i popped back in today and again was underwhelmed. i ordered a tuna sandwich and the tuna salad was the consistency of dip for chips. argh...spacious cafe/study spot that just opened late march 2017. parking can be difficult/expensive around this area since it is near navy pier/touristy spots. i got the roast beef sandwich here and it was delicious. service is fantastic and fast. i like that they have two types of water (still and sparkling) on tap for you to enjoy. if you get a cup of joe, you're allowed up to 1 free refill.only down side is that this place doesn't have outlets for you to charge your laptops (probably to limit the dwelling times of patrons)..there is one outlet in the entire place so if you're really in need of electricity, you can sit there. by evening, they dim the lights so it gets a little more romantic.it is still new so the place isn't too crowded but i see a lot of potential in this place once the words start spreading.i was hoping to find a nice, non-pretentious coffee shop in the river north neighborhood. unfortunately this is not the place. i came in on a sunday afternoon, the place was not busy, over half of the tables were open so i opted for a two person table by an outlet (trying not to take up more room than i should). when i went to order, i was greeted with fake smiles and judging eyes, maybe i was under dressed in my sunday casual \u200d. when i was half way through with my meal some (maybe a manager?) came over to me and told me there were designated spots to be on a laptop before 3pm (it was 1:30), and that i chose a table with white writing instead of yellow writing - which denotes the spaces you're \"allowed\" to be on your laptops. that's it. no signs, pictures, or anything i could find at first glance that told me this. silly me for thinking coffee and a quick bite while trying to lesson plan should be an easy venture. it was not. i can't imagine coming here again. this just in. as i'm writing this, the manager is coming around again to a large table to inform them of the same. this time he had a sign though. it's under the guise of being reserved explicitly for diners... i ordered a full meal. it is clear they care less about keeping paying customers and more about keeping an aesthetically pleasing restaurant. also, don't order the falafel burger, it is far too salty to enjoy.i stopped in for a coffee and ended up trying the \"cortado\", which is 2 shots of espresso and an equal amount of steamed milk. it was delicious. it wasn't acidic or harsh at all. i also picked up a mini berry tart, which was delicious. i would definitely come back here. the food looked good too and there were a number of people having meals during my visit.really wanted to like this place. understaffed with unclear instructions on how to be served or where to sit. you order upfront and seat yourself. the hostess is often cleaning tables and can't seat you.food was very underwhelming. good at price point but food was dry and otherwise tasteless.disappointing but the location is by the river and the lake. kanela is across the street.pros:- it's decorated beautifully!- spacious and wide enough so that you don't overhear every conversation- there are comfy sofa chairs to lounge on, but also tables and chairs too- coffee and tea are both great!- the tiramisu cake slice was spot oncons:- none i can think of at the momenti usually patron cupitol in evanston and was super excited to see another one close to my hotel during a mini staycation. the one downtown does not have a bakery and is actually smaller. we tried to get a table but a table for a party of five would have took forever. waited 30 mins. for take out after being told it would take only 15 mins. literally walked down the street back to our hotel and the food was ice cold. we had pancakes in our order but was only given jam. spent $74 bucks on everything and it was mediocre. i and my party was very unhappy but ate because we were starving after waiting so long.simply the best breakfast place i have been to in a while. felt like the cool kid again. great space, great vibe and great food and coffee. even with kids. only one bit of critique if your going tell me, you will bring my coffee my shortly then its good if it happens 20min later. the coffee was for my wife. when i went to pick up my drink order for myself and my kids my wife's drink order was not ready yet. just i sat down i told my wife we better go get hers as i have feeling they will only bring it 20min later. that is exalted what happened.third time visiting this establishment and it seems to be getting worse and worse. upon my arrival i was asked if i was using a kindle or laptop to determine where i was going to be placed. my previous visits i was able to sit where i wanted without any issues, so this was an aspect that i wasn't too fond of considering i was there to read while i enjoyed my meal. i proceeded to order a matcha latte and sweet potato bowl. i had to wait over 15 mins for my drink as it was over looked and secondly after receiving my drink i come to find out my drink was a cup of milk with a hint of color. \u00a0my beverage did not taste at all of matcha which i requested a new one as the one i had had no flavor. new matcha served wasn't made well as i could taste the matcha powder as i drank the beverage.now to the meal, unfortunately i was not at all wow'd at the food. food was average at best. certain areas of my food were really hot and in my opinion appeared to be microwaved. additionally my meal was saturated in the curry sauce with an appearance of baby food than a risotto. \u00a0unfortunately i will take my business elsewhere. \u00a0had high hopes entering and enjoyed the ambiance but that won't make up for the meal and service i received. \u00a0kanela is right across the street if you're looking for a more edible and service friendly meal.f---ing great coffee at \"cupitol\" bakery. \u00a0i kind of hate starbucks. i don't mean hate, i mean kinda hate. maybe it's the line, maybe it's the suspiciously and consistently sticky milk station, maybe it's the vinyl corporate veneer oozing throughout, or maybe is just the trench coat guy master-bating in their bathroom with the door propped open (does that guy even own pants?) conversely, cupitol (worst name ever, sorry) definitely has a notably different feel. \u00a0in all fairness i had only stopped in on weekday mornings for a quick coffee and a bite. now i've come full circle and made the weekend breakfast trip. \u00a0it's a very nice space with a great pastry case full of croissants of all stripes. they also have cheddar scones. those were worth the trip. \u00a0came in on a sat and saw a big line and thought, \"my breakfast is doomed!\" but, no the line moved along just fine and i was there with coffee and scone in hand in 5. thank god. they also have full sit down breakfast. i had the biscuits and sausage gravy with poached eggs. tremendous. i recommend the trip.excellent menu for breakfast, small bites, lunch or dinner. their beverage selection has great options \u00a0in coffee/ tea/ smoothies/ cold-pressed juice. customer service is fair. they are not very clear behind the counter and at times not patient with your questions.cool place i like to study at--food is pretty decent (the sweet potato bowl) and plan for it to be busy on weekendsgreat high quality food and drinks! pleasant cozy \u00a0atmosphere, nice staff, very clean place. \u00a0highly recommend.this place has everything: breakfast, lunch, and dinner, pastries a-plenty, coffee, smoothies, wine, and beer!! what more could you ask for? their brussel sprouts are crispy and perfectly glazed. their lattes are consistently smooth tasting and beautiful. and their overall service is impeccable!the space is huge, with a variety of seating options from booths to high top tables to velvet armchairs. there is always unique but pleasant music in the background. the wifi is reliable. this all makes for a great study location! would recommend for studying, catching up with a friend, or taking your grandparents to brunch on a sunday.the only reason for the knocked star is because the place is a little pricey. i could get food for similar prices at a nice sit down restaurant, so to cater to the students studying there it would be nice to have a few less expensive options like $5-7 sandwiches rather than $9+loved this little spot. had an omelette that was light and fluffy with fresh squeezed orange juice that was delicious. great pastries too!gorgeous, welcoming space that serves delicious food. if you're in the mood for a hearty breakfast or a quick coffee/pastry to go, come here. if you need a new cafe to get your work done, come here. if you want to enjoy a latte while people watching, come here. breakfast is served late with a variety of options from the indulgent to the light and fresh. we got the shroom omelette (skipped the gruy\u00e8re due to lactose intolerance; sad i know) and enjoyed the thick toast and crispy hash browns. the breakfast sandwich was also tasty on a delicious croissant but included only one egg, which felt scant. the chai latte was tasty but not extra hot and the orange juice was deliciously fresh. seating is varied and comfortable as well and the space felt like you could stay awhile. there's lots of construction happening outside right now but otherwise, things are great.very nice staff and a good place to study ,chill and relax. i've tried their food here and it didn't seem very special. the lattes are not as good as molly's or kanela. i would recommend this place as a quiet and spacious place to study or to have an afternoon coffee drink with a girlfriend ..they do have some beer and wine on the menu so it can also be a good spot for brunch or after work drinkthis review is for dinner and for the food we had - chicken breast plate & chopped cob salad. the only word i could think of is \"bland\", two words \"very bland\". the food tastes nothing at all, but they have some salt and pepper and ketchup on side, so help yourself.such a cute and clean place to have some morning coffee with a yummy and healthy breakfast! great coffee and espresso!! super friendly staff!!! it's a must go place when your in town !finally came across a breakfast location near whacker.. this is an excellent place to start the day.friendly and efficient service with great selection of hot items and baked specialties. will recommend highly.cupitol is a great place for breakfast/brunch or just killing time working. it is a large open space suitable for working. one orders at the counter and they bring it to your table. usually within 5 minutes. \u00a0i had the corned beef hash, companion had the omelet with cheese. good meal and very enjoyable.i really really like cupitol! their coffee is extremely delicious and so is their hot chocolate! i love the desserts and pastries here! the croissants are incredibly fresh and buttery, and those verrines..omg...orgasmic. the mushroom burger melt is very good too! the beef patty is very thick and everything is housemade. including the bun! and they fresh cut the fries in house too. on top of the great food, the decor is fresh energizing and eclectic and comfortable. this is the prime location for studying with equally tasting food and drinks! and on top of all that, the pricing is crazy affordable for the area.the picture perfect example of what a great coffee shop/ caf\u00e9 should be like! \u00a0fun music, plenty of seating, tasteful decor, good selection of drinks and food items plus great touches line self serve water station offering both still and sparkling water make for an excellently executed caf\u00e9 experiencei loved this place, but definitely a few things to point out. drinks are super overpriced. \u00a0it's chicago, i get that, but damn. mimosas are not $9 worthy. \u00a0 also, the staff didn't know how to make a mimosa? \u00a0two ingredients, how is that even possible???? the 4-star rating is definitely for the drinks. \u00a0food - 5 quality - 5, price - 5, wait staff - 5. cashiers - 4, drink makers - 3. the bread is perf. end of story.the quality of the food was average, but the smoothie was expensive and the portions were small. i ordered a 12 oz smoothie and it was $5.50. the food itself is average tasting. not bad, but not amazing. i'm not itching to go back anytime soon.4 stars for the venue, seating and service! spacious, modern decor, high ceilings, and lots of seating!!3.5 stars for their iced teas undecided on their coffee. i had a decaf hot chocolate because i came at night, and didn't want to be kept up with caffeine in my system. wasn't a fan of the hot chocolate (its a 2 right now) so i'll have to come back and try again.fantastic freddo expresso and delish avo breakfast wrap! so good! must stop in and enjoy.breakfast until 2pm =)diverse menu... breakfast, lunch, sweets, pastries, coffee, alcohol... so many options. giant seating. small tables, larger, community table. healthy beautiful plates. would definitely recommend.a nice, hipster semi-diner place in downtown chicago. \u00a0when ordering their omelettes, make sure you split them with someone - huge portions. their spanish omelette was very savory, they sure didn't spare any chorizo.i also liked their funky cold coffee in mugs and martini glasses.such a wonderful place to relax.. great vibes.. good wifi.. a stroll from the pier. good smoothies too.. try the one with avocados.. it's the bombcute. quick. delicious. tasty. clean. highly recommend this hidden streeterville gem.cute place but the coffee was weak. i did like that the water was self serve and seltzer was also available.the ambience is very nice - spacious, relaxing, easy to have a conversation or get work done. can not recommend the drinks - i tried the mint white chocolate that tasted nothing like mint and only a bit like chocolate - basically watered down warm milk. that's a pity, because the space is lovely.local indie with great coffee and tasty, healthy breakfast & lunch offerings. we shared the sweet potato bowl and the bagel with lox (gravelox). all excellent except the whole wheat bagel was blah. a multigrain or sprouted wheat option would be an improvement.the savory scone was beyond delicious. the cafe au lait was also on point! the staff was super nice. i enjoyed the all over vibe!olove this place. both brunch and dinner are phenomenal and it is rare to find a place where this is the case. i've tried a lot of things on the menu and have never had a bad meal but my favorite items would have to be the corned beef hash and the chopped salad. i also enjoy that there is rarely a wait unlike other brunch places in the area (cough: kanela).this is a very ideal 2017 coffee shop. it has the perfect layout- you can choose a small table with comfortable booth seating for a lunch date or a larger table for studying/working. you can even snag a seat on couches and plush chairs if you need a comfy break mid-day! the coffee is quality- good enough to enjoy a mug full of black. the food is also pretty great, and even though you order at the counter, it gets served to wherever you're seated! i think this is an excellent community and study-oriented place, so i make it a downtown destination.one of my favorite spots for casual dining - my all time fav is the falafel burger. \u00a0it is yummy. \u00a0i actually crave it. \u00a0they also employ a server by the name of monica who is a super star. \u00a0she is friendly and i love seeing her.this is my favorite coffee place in the city. love the nutella late! they also have the best chocolate almond croissant ever! some staffs at the front register are not friendly but the managers and kitchen staff provide excellent service. the food here is decent as well. the gavlox dish must be super popular that they always run out of it when i order! however they gave me some sweet treats to make up for it so i was still a happy camperreally phenomenal food. they take so much care in the presentation too! my favs are the prawns and guacamole as well as yia yia's meatballs. yum!!!relaxing atmosphere infused with coffee scents. good place to get work done or lounge with friends.great! the host is the best! i food is good and the coffee is amazing! i love this place. i come here every morning!great place. very close to navy pier. friendly employees. had the waffle and cup of coffee. both were tasty. will be back!love this cute little coffee joint in streeterville. great coffee, iced teas, lattes, croissants etc. they also have a full menu with sandwiches, salads and more. they offer cocktails and wine in the evening. everything is healthy and creative and really out fo the box. the seating is very comfortable with couches, chairs, high top tables. a lot of people here are working on laptops, it's a friendly environment. i've gotten a coffee, iced tea and smoothie from here and all were fantastic !this is my absolute favorite coffee shop in streeterville. they have an awesome atmosphere with tons of seating and tables, the staff is great, and the coffee/espresso is really good. to add a nice cherry on top, they offer free refills on coffee which seems like a rare find these days. their food is a little pricey (not shocking for the area), but it tastes great and the portions are pretty good. i tried the kale and fennel caesar and the almond croissant and wasn't disappointed by either one. additionally, the really great and reliable wifi combined with the awesome atmosphere makes studying here super easy.this place is....fine. i manage a restaurant so when someone sent me the menu i was interested since they serve similar fare. let me start by saying the food is delicious, fresh and moderately priced for the area. \u00a0it's quick service style so no waiter service which i dislike. if you pay with a card you choose then and there what to tip with handy suggestions built right in. i like tipping. in fact i am an over-tipper. however i want to know who i am tipping and what for. having never been here i got the impression that you had to already be in the know in order to eat here. i found it cold and unwelcoming. we had looked at the menu before arriving but when we got there all we saw was the drink list on the board. \u00a0we were visibly confused, a fact the staff paid no attention to. \u00a0when we finally spotted menus they were only for lunch. \u00a0though it was afternoon, we were hoping for breakfast. \u00a0rather than asking if we had any questions (we did) the cashier rushed other patrons around us leaving us to discover the proper menus on our own. ordering was simple, yet curt. \u00a0no real pleasantries or effort to make a connection beyond taking the order. the gentleman who brought our meal was more pleasant, but again a lot left to be desired. \u00a0we shared the country benedict and the sticky bun french toast. both were delicious. worth coming back for, but i wouldn't go out of the way. \u00a0my cappuccino was delicious and served with some beautiful latte art, a nice touch. a highlight for me was the self service water taps that offered both still and sparkling.all in all great good, just lacking in kind, attentive service. i would definitely return for the coffee and pastries, especially if i had work to do. \u00a0it's a quiet, cozy spot for clicking away on the laptop with a nice snack, but for a full meal or if i was entertaining out of town guests i would go elsewhere.love this place. organic cold pressed juice, great coffee. \u00a0had an americano with steamed almond milk...so smooth and rich! \u00a0looked pretty too. \u00a0local pasture raised eggs. \u00a0great cozy atmosphere for coffee alone or with friends!cute spot with yummy food! went here for breakfast and got the avo breakfast wrap. easy to find seating and food comes out pretty quick. they have breakfast all the way to dinner and cocktails!nice bright place with good quality pastries and strong coffee. very friendly environment. kids friendly. love the omelette and home made jam. i'll come back for sure and recommend this place to everyoneupdated review after second visit: as much as i want to love this place for its convenience and casual swank, they still have won me over. i asked for a large coffee with a splash of soy milk. $2.25 for the coffee, and $0.90 for the soy milk. what gives? is soy milk now as valuable as gold? people aren't charged for creamer for a cup of coffee, so why upcharge those that want to have a cup of coffee with a touch of cream, but can't do cream? and not is like i even had the opportunity to over pour soy milk or swindle \"extra\" soy milk. my coffee cup was poured full, and then a tiny glug of milk was added. i guess i would not be upset if i felt like i got a proper cup of coffee worth $3.50, but i did not. it's a small weak cup of coffee with a glug of soy gold. review after first visit: i am going to have to give this place a second try. i stopped in during the week they opened to grab coffee and possibly a snack for my monster commute to the burbs. the house coffee was fine, but i had to pay extra for a splash of soy milk which was lame. people who drink cow milk don't have to pay extra for cream, why do those with dairy allergies? anyways, the snack option was a no go, nothing available that was dairy free. disappointing because i was super excited to have a neighborhood coffeehouse. anyways, every time i walk by, i see happy people in there lounging about, and the website says there are vegan/vegetarian options. maybe i will wander over and try them for a lunch.tourist in chicago.visiting from la. ordered blta sandwich, party melt and chicken soup. everything was good. place is very clean and tidy. great with my 2 small boys. staff very friendly. do like the filtered water option of still or sparkingthis place is a necessity in this area of town. \u00a0i've been staying over here for a week & it has been very helpful. \u00a0it's open early, which is important, they have a cozy place to hang, the service is good, they have a wide variety of food options, pastry & coffee.this is one of my favorite places in town. it is right in my building, so it's easy just to slip on down for breakfast on the weekends. the staff is fantastic- they all comport themselves as though they have a personal stake in seeing the customers satisfied. the food is great- the spanish omelette is my favorite, my girlfriend loves the spanakopita (if they haven't run out- it's all cooked early, bakery -style and goes quickly!). and, the coffee is damn good! \u00a0great place!it was great to see a new coffee shop move into the neighborhood, which by and large doesn't really offer much variety. after reading the reviews for the evanston location, i was looking forward to trying it out and ended up visiting on three separate occasions.on each trip, there was the expected rough edges with new employees getting the hang of things, which is fine. the design is great, there's a good amount of seating for both tables and stuffed chairs.first trip: purchasing cup of coffeei asked the barista to make whatever was his signature drink, the selection he thought he did best. he made an iced latte which seemed a little ordinary and as it turns out, it was very ordinary. if this was the best there was to offer, it was definitely not worth the effort and nothing to bring someone back. second trip: purchasing whole bean coffeeonce they began carrying whole bean coffee, we wanted to try some out. at first, the employee behind the counter didn't know what i was asking for when i asked if they sold whole bean coffee by the bag. there's the rough edges thing. fine, not a problem. the manager pointed out the only selection they offered and i picked up a 12ox bag for around $17. that's higher end price point so i was expecting it to be great. it wasn't bad but absolutely nothing special and not worth the price.third trip: food (hamburger)nutshell version: it was okay. presentation was great but overall it was absolutely nothing special. for the price point, i was hoping for something much better. after giving it three opportunities, it seems like one of those should have connected but each one fell short to one degree or another. overall, tourists will probably love it but locals should look elsewhere. dollop, a few blocks away, still makes a much better cup of coffee as does goddess and the baker inside navy pier but they don't really come close to matching the food menu.i've been to the location in evanston multiple times and love it, so i decided to give this location a try. wonderful decor and a lively ambiance, with plenty of natural light. a great place to study or chat, with delicious food and drinks. will be back!inviting atmosphere, good music, good brunch, excellent coffee. appreciate that they have complimentary sparkling water and a diverse selection of bites such as sweet and savory bougatsa. there's something for everyone on the menu.in a nutshell: poor service, cold coffee, no outlets despite the pitch that they're \"an all day lounge\". they don't take names, and someone who had ordered after me grabbed my coffee even though i was standing right there. the guy at the counter was snotty about the mistake, and then my new cappuccino was barely room temperature. internet bandwidth was limited: my email had trouble loading on it and there were only eight other laptops in the place. a poorly thought out table orientation means people are bumping into your seats as they squeeze past you if you sit in the center section.i was really excited that cupitol was opening next door, and was hopeful that this place could become a new go-to spot in my neighborhood. that doesn't look like it's going to happen.cupitol is officially my new favorite breakfast spot. the food is delicious (try the plain pancakes they are delightful and the avacado wrap) and the service is amazing.they have freshly squeezed juices and cocktails in the evening. it's an all day cool lounge with good food and excellent service :)excellent service and delicious coffee. my hubs had a great omelette and hash browns and my country benedict was perfect. the poached eggs on top were probably the best i've had anywhere. they were perfectly runny inside and the whites were completely cooked. that's a hard skill to master. kudos! beyond that... meh. the decor is really fantastic, but the place is so loud. it was a hard adjustment for first thing in the morning. the loud music and loud conversations... it was just a bit much for a cafe for me. i'm only 35, so it's not like i'm an old lady needing complete silence but it was just super jarring. we also tried the french toast and we were sorely disappointed. it was cold (the butter wouldn't even melt) and super dry. perhaps a minute or so in the egg bath to allow the bread some time to soak would prevent that. it wasn't good. still... the service, coffee, and other menu selections made up for it.finally! a good coffee place near the navy pier!! we live right next door and was excited to see this place open up. \u00a0place is beautiful, airy and open. staff are so so friendly, especially kristin who took our order. most of all, good food. we were happy with our breakfast sandwich and avocado wrap. oh, and maple pecan scone is great. next time, we are getting their petit fours for dessert. they look so pretty and delicious. also, they have high chairs for your little people. we were pleased to know that they have high chairs since we are always looking for a nice but not crazy kid friendly places (if you know what i mean ;).went there with a large group of people after exhibition. it is a pretty nice and close to navy pier. chai latte was good. coffee was good tooa great cafe. spacious, clean and great service. because i love it so much i hate to see it abused. management, you should not allow people to come in and use the place without buying anything. and people who are rude to staff should be asked to leave.i magically stumbled across this gem on my walk home. such an awesome, chill vibe & great cappuccino! if ever back in chicago i will definitely be coming back.far better than the other breakfast choices in the area. plus they have some interesting lunch and dinner options. the sweet potato bowl with curry is great for example - and an unexpected menu item. they also have very good greek pies - with cheese, spinach, meat or custard. as some others have said their internet speed isn't great and there aren't many power outlets but you can't judge a restaurant by that. overall - a great and welcome new addition to the neighborhood.i didn't realize originally that you sit down first and order at the counter to give them your table number. i stopped by on a saturday morning and it was crowded but not unbearable. i ordered a latte and the smoked salmon bagel on gluten free bread. i really enjoyed the flavors in the sandwich and would love to know where they source their gluten free bread from as i thought it was great. i did think it was a little expensive when taking the upcharge for gluten free bread into account but it would be a nice place to stay and hang out for a bit. while i was there i had a lot of difficulty connecting to their wifi but i noticed that no one else seemed to be having any issue so it may have been a user error.every time place an order to go it is never ready when they tell you to pick it up! \u00a0get your to go ordering system together folks!!have so far been here twice and really enjoyed the ambiance! very comfy seating and the big windows give a lot of nice natural lighting. the service definitely has room for improvement tho. there were definitely some new employees behind the counter and the coffee making wasn't very streamlined. had to wait for almost 10 min for my matcha latte. and it turned out to be less hot as i expected. the spanish omelette was very delicious. it had a lot of spices and satisfied my appetite for sth savory. will definitely come back!this place is so good we went back twice during our trip to chicago. \u00a0 all of us enjoyed our meals and kept speaking about what a great spot it is. \u00a0 if you are a coffee fan, they make great coffee. \u00a0food, service, and atmosphere are excellent. \u00a0check it out - you will not be disappointed!this is a public service announcement. if you're from anywhere in the south, you know there's a difference between hash browns and home fries (or any other type of skillet potato). be ye not deceived by some of the restaurants in streeterville that claim to serve hash browns. they do not. what you'll find, upon ordering, are merely diced potatoes or sliced potatoes in varying states of done-ness. most disappointing. cupitol, on the other hand, know what doth make a proper hash brown--shredded potatoes that are griddled until they're golden and crispy on the outside and tender and fluffy on the inside. my mouth is watering now. lucky for me (and you) these delightful bits are on the all-day menu.loved the matcha latte and the desserts. the interiors are cozy and gorgeous! highly recommended.great place, the mocha latte and eggs benedict were very tasty. service was very fast, will certainly come back.this place is absolutely great! love everything about it, the food, the coffee and the ambience. although the best part is the the staff. they are extremely patient and genuinely sweet. perfect place to chill with friends or do some work.i walked in and felt like this place just got me. everything you could want for breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert, coffee, tea, or juice. will be back regularly, already wondering how i can open a third location.i wish i had longer in chicago to stuff my face at cupitol. the orange juice is amazing. we ordered the french toast with berries, waffle with nuttella, and egg benedict. they also have a nuttella latte (not my favorite but the oj made up for it). the staff is very friendly and the decor is right up my alley. i would definitely recommend this if you are up for breakfast in chicago!this place is perfect for lounging and working and relaxing. good food, great staff, love it.finally a great breakfast spot in streeterville! \u00a0so good! healthy! and great price! and fresh!this is a cute coffee shop in the heart of streeterville. a very hipster vibe and huge tables with tons of space. coffee is really good but my only complaint is that when you have it for there the cup they serve you ends up making your coffee cold. i got a nutella latte which i highly recommend and it was delicious but cold. amazing breakfast wraps to start your morning off right. overall a great addition to the streeterville communitynice spot around streeterville. the nutella latte is solid and the spanish omelette was tasty. nothing sat heavy - big plus! you order at the counter and then they ask what table you're going to sit at (kinda strange) but things were delivered hot and quickly. will be back.a+ for the kind, trustworthy staff that found my lost wallet and kept it safe in their office. nothing was missing and i couldn't be more thankful that they found it before someone else did. i thought leaving my wallet downtown meant certain death (or at least hundreds of dollars worth of replacements), but i was wrong. thank you!! also, just an awesome spot with great drinks and ambiance. don't know what you could possibly complain about. (soy costing extra is about as \"new\" as being charged for guacamole in your burrito, come on.) good vibes, good wifi, super clean, plenty of outlets (ask staff if you don't see them), and thumbs up for great cappuccinos from this discerning coffee drinker. & i love that they have something for you regardless of what time you're there - from morning coffee, to lunch smoothies, to dinner, to booze. didn't think it was touristy at all; lived in chicago for many years and i think this is actually one of the only good spots in the loop area (which can often lack in character).the iced coffee was good. the interiors were a little off to me. didn't seem inviting. staff was friendly!i ordered the chopped cob salad ($9) and it was alright. the vegetables were super fresh (no gross wilted vegetables here!), but they were a little heavy on the dressing which made some pieces of the lettuce limp and over drenched. the hard boiled eggs were cooked perfectly. there could have been more bacon. seriously, it was a very small portion...and i love my bacon!everyone around me ordered omelettes and wraps. both looked amazing. i will definitely be back to try them!overall, i am a fan of this place because 1) it is crazy close to my apartment, 2) it is a good place to get work done and 3) prices are reasonable especially given the quality ingredients they use.simply the best breakfast we had in chicago. fresh ingredients well prepared, healthy options, and friendly service makes this our go-to spot in the morning.a really nice place, modern decor, warm wood finishes, very pleasant service and tasty food. a nice spot for a quick stop on a trip to navy pier. we came around dinner time. sweet potato bowl with a risotto-like base was full of flavor. prawns very fresh and hummus with falafel hit the spot. 5 stars for that sparkling water tab, folks!this was a very cute place with great food and drinks. it's different from other places because you go and order your food, but the service is great. fairly priced with good portions too! the cocktails are amazing and taste like smoothies!! definitely coming back here :)way more expensive and not as good as starbucks or even dunkin' donuts. was changed $1.30 for a splash of coconut milk in my small coffee. the nutella latte tastes like subpar hot chocolate.loooove this place! great food, great coffee. i had the spinach gruyere mushroom omelette and a vanilla latte - highly recommend. will be back!this spot is so cute. it's great for coffee, lunch, breakfast, or just a spot to hang out. i tried the mediterranean salad. i really enjoyed it.ambience is nice, plenty of seating and love the huge window for light to shine through. the location is right by navy pier so it serves as a nice place to snack or grab a coffee. they are quite pricey though with their food and drink selection. not the best place to study because it does lack outlets depite the abundant seating. parking is also impossible unless you valet or plan to do some walking.i asked for decaf skim latte extra hot no foam -- 1. tried to over charge me; tax almost a $1. i had to argue with him till he changed it. \u00a02. \u00a0gave me the coffee in a real cup and it i could tell immediately it was not hot. \u00a0i took a spoon in front of the guy tasted and it was not even warm - tepid at best. \u00a0so i told him. \u00a0he argued that it was hot -- then takes a thermometer and sticks it in the coffee and insists it is at right temperature. \u00a0i kept saying please take a spoonful - he just kept arguing - very rude. \u00a0no offer to make it again or give me a refund. \u00a0i said, \"this is ridiculous i would like my money back,\" then a woman (probably owner/mgr) stepped in and started ringing up my refund then she proceeded to scream at me that i was never ever to come back in there and go to starbucks. \u00a0so much for courteous customer service.i'm the type of person that needs to study with just a \"little\" bit of background noise to get anything done. cupitol is perfect for that (except during brunch times on the weekend). there's a bounty of seating in whatever work configuration that suits your fancy (arm chairs, couches, stools, small tables, large tables etc) so you'll be sure to find a nice spot to get some work done. there are also large windows in the front that let in a bunch of natural light. a negative that others have already touched on is the lack of outlets but i guess that just means that i should actually spend time writing my essays instead of surfing the internet.newness abounds in this spacious restaurant/cafe. \u00a0 \u00a0the ambiance and decor is welcoming and modern. the staff was eager to serve but also still working out some kinks. always wanting to try the latest and greatest i stopped in and got a traditional cappuccino to put them to the test. it was well prepared and the espresso cut nicely through the milk. i can't speak to the food. lunch and dinner options are on the pricier side but nothing outlandish for streeterville. i'll definitely be back.great place as a coffee shop in the morning or brunch with friends. come read a book or study and get work done. lunch and dinner is great for a relaxing option with that comfortable cafe feel with armchairs! the food is a great surprise and everything i've had over the last couple of visits is great.amazing tiramisu, wonderful ambience! great service!!!! out beats cafe michelle any day any time!me and my family love this place its really cozy and the pastries are really amazing, my favorite dish is the breakfast sandwich! you order at the counter and just tell the cashier where you wanna sit and food is delivered to you. you should definitely visit this place and also its other locationchicken noodle soup is yummy, good service and good options. walking distance from hotel which is great and trendy for sureok so i am not a big starbucks fan. so this was what i thought this place would be like but it is not. so much better. and actually very different. the coffee was fantastic. very strong but smooth and rich. i was told it is imported from greece. they have a very high end italian espresso machine obviously imported. see picture. apparently it has to be calibrated daily to get very consistent results. i had a very tasty dish called the sweet potato bowl. it had two poached eggs and kale and of course sweet potatoes with risotto and very fresh! see photo. on the side i had homemade bread with butter and homemade strawberry preservative. oh so european!!! loved it! the water is really good either regular or bubbles from a very fancy reverse osmosis tap. the decor was very nice with plenty of room to spread out and do work on a laptop or read a great book. music was nice and not over powering. \u00a0fresh flowers on each table. nice touch. they have so many pastries i was shocked at how fresh they can keep them. i found out that everything is made fresh daily. \u00a0good assortment of blended juice and fruit drinks as well as other types of bottled beverages. everything was clean clean clean. \u00a0looking forward to my next visit to cupitol!i love the ambience here. \u00a0i've only had tea so i can't vouch for the food but so far friendly service and peaceful environment. \u00a0great to get work done or hang with friends. \u00a0it's an upscale starbucks for sure.review title: please get it together!this has always been a good place to come especially when i'm in the city near navy pier. i usually order the cheeseburger and fries for lunch but i also have had a variety of other items on the menu which have been absolutely delicious. this time around however i ordered the cheeseburger and they messed it up!!!... this is not a $3 cheeseburger... unfortunately i ordered it 'to go' \u00a0and left the restaurant i was not able to go back, to \u00a0explain their mistake. \u00a0also, their bakery items have always been absolutely delicious too! however... this time around it seems as though the quality of their bakery items has changed.... waxy taste! i've recommended this place to several people as i am \u00a0in the chicago area often due to work.i hope this is a rare occurrence... but not sure! i would have given it more stars however i'm giving it 3 stars due to the inconvenience that i left the restaurant with an order that was not correct and unfortunately i did not have the time to come all the way back to the restaurant back due to someone else's mistake. get it together cupitol!best thing to hit streeterville in a decade. tasty food, friendly service, amazing atmosphere and biz-class wi-fi. i happen to live next door but i'd drive miles for this place.this location is very busy and there is a wait, but it is apparent that they try. there are many people working in the morning and it is nice that they say \"thank you for waiting\" when they know it is on the longer side. sometimes when people say that, it helps. i work nearby and go to this location because the baristas are friendly and describe their menu. (its busy and line is long for a reason folks!) thanks dollop for my honey cinnamon latte with soy milk! i tried one of their fall drinks (babe on the rocks? i think) and \u00a0it was good but with the weather getting cold, i'll stick to my regular. my only complaint is that sometimes a lot they run out of oat milk, but they explain that this happens to many places because of the demand/production issue. so okay, not their fault.this place has a lot of mosquitos inside, strangely enough.not kidding, during the day in the summer there are dozens of mosquitos swarming around inside around the tables where customers sit. you can see smashed mosquitos on the wall, and other mosquitos trapped(?) somehow hanging out. it's disturbing and disgusting. i've been here half a dozen times in the summer, and it's always the same. never would have thought that mosquitos would keep me from going to a coffee place.ok super annoyed with this place. their coffee is fine not amazing not terrible.i'm giving them 2 stars because of their stale ass bread. \u00a0i gave them a free pass the first time it happened. i got a sandwich and the bread was clearly toasted in an attempt to hide the staleness of the bread. \u00a0today i got a bagel and again it was hard and stale and absolutely disgusting. \u00a0went straight to the trash.thanks for ruining breakfast, dollop.i had a very nice cortado here this morning, and the service was very friendly. i would definitely come back as it's a great location close to the theater district, and the space is very open and inviting - there is awesome natural light if you are into that :)i work right in the building but i'm always here when there's a super long line so once i saw there wasn't a line then i went right in!i know of the design studio (firebelly design) who branded this shop so i was already in love with the aesthetic. i'm always on the search for coffee shops that offer great matcha. this one i can add to the list! they told me straight up that their matcha is unsweetened, but they have flavors that can sweeten the drink. there's a list by the cashier. i got ended up getting hazelnut. it was tasty.it's nice that there's unsweetened matcha so if i am not feeling like sugar then i can get it without sugar. there's tons of places whose matcha is too sweet and i need to drink some water after to clear the sweet taste from my mouth. i didn't get that here! so bonus!overall, definitely worth going to!dollop is an order at the counter coffee-shop with multiple locations south of the river in downtown chicago. there are many coffee options including drips, pour-overs and an impressive tea collection as well.i had a drip coffee which was bold enough, though i still haven't had my fantasy dark, bold, non-acidic, not too bright coffee in chicago.my wife had the green jasmine tea which compared to the one she had yesterday which had a more jasmine/floral presence, this one was heavy on the green and not so much on the jasmine / floral. she remarked she could have just ordered a \"green tea\".they have vegetarian quiche available (which excite me) along with a veggie dandwich, and a brie sandwich with fig jam (also enticing to me a s vegetarian), but with biscuits on the menu, that's automatically the direction i default to. i had the egg and cheddar biscuit. i asked if they could make it with egg whites and they said \"no\", they get the eggs this way so it was a bit disappointing to me to learn the food was essentially not made to order. it also tasted a bit-reheated which is kind of obvious to tell with biscuits. it was also too hot when i received it...the cheddar cheese on it was over-melted and didn't have much of a taste. it tasted like i was getting biscuit and egg. cheddar on a biscuit should be not quite so melted so the cheddar flavor shines through.i'd give the place another try if i'm back in chicago...but with so many options downtown it wouldn't be top on the go-to list.the cold brew is amazing! service is friendly with a smile and the sandwiches are fast, tasty and on fleek. it gets very crowded but is totally expected for this area. i seen the staff handle crowded situations in which i would have died. excellent job all around! the coffee comes out faster than this yelp review is posting atm hahagreat coffee. loved that i could have an almond milk latte! but no bathroom!? in a coffee place?i like the two dollop locations in streeterville and gold coast. this location was very disappointing - coffee was bitter, service was super slow, seating was minimal and uncomfortable. one of our drinks was handed over to us while leaking from the bottom and the barista could not be bothered to change the cup.this is the second time i went and again they got my order wrong. when i told this the lady at the coffee machine she was even more upset with me complaining than i was with the messed up order. i'll take the longer walk and go back to. intelligentsiamy first visit was last week. there was a problem with my order. rather than post a negative review on yelp, i contacted them. to my surprise, they responded immediately. and they made it right. a sign of a place that cares about its customers. i will return. thanks dollop. much appreciated.perfect. a cute and mostly comfortable coffee shop. i had a maple latte that was perfect in every way: taste, texture and temperature. it was just pretty. the standard coffee however was a bit bitter and crazy hot. i would likely return to give those bagels a try and i've heard great things about the chai latte!coffee was fine but they don't recycle anything! so much trash that doesn't need to be thrown away. come on guys it's 2018 just get two cans.stopped in and had a small latte. very well executed. the only drawback is that it's served in a paper cup. i know it's part of the american culture but will never be able to get used to that. ambiance is relaxed, nice view of chase plaza from high stools, however, \u00a0not comfortable. stools are made for a kindergarten, not even half of my buttocks fit on it and i'm not considered a big person. maybe that's the strategy of the place, in and out.poor service. \u00a0ordered a pour over coffee today along w/ a 12oz bag of kenya single origin. \u00a0i was told that i would get a free coffee with a purchase of a bag of beans. \u00a0i ended up getting charged the full amount for the pour over coffee. \u00a0i at least expected a credit for a small drip coffee. \u00a0the \"barista\" also did not know how to pour a cup of pour over coffee. \u00a0she probably poured 100 grams of water and then let it sit for over a minute.. helped customers.. poured another ~100 grams... let it sit for 2+ minutes.... and then came back and finished it off. \u00a0i feel that dollop is not really a place for specialty coffee...oh dollop, why must you have less locations than starbuck's? especially since you're incomparable. i must have you more frequently, but i guess 5 days a week will be sufficient for now.but in all seriousness, dollop is my favorite for a morning coffee run on my way to work or when i get a 15 minute break between working. in a weird way, i tried to find a reason to not like this place since i don't have one close enough to home (the addiction is real).the coffee is strong and the espresso is the most flavorful i have ever had. it is the only one that does not taste stale or burnt compared to the competitors. also, this is the only place i have ever ordered a latte from and it tasted more like espresso than it did milk. heavenly! which again, is why it is incomparable to any other coffee shop i have found in chicago. i get withdrawals on saturday and sundays.i craved a chicken pot pie one week. i settled for frozen. unhappy with this, i moved on with my life. i went into this dollop for a coffee as it is down the street from my office. i spotted chicken pot pie on the menu. i was shocked. i was upset! i had settled for frozen crap to get my fix. alas, i was not hungry on this day. so i returned on another and got my pot pie of chicken. the meat, so fresh! the crust, so buttery! i've gotten it twice. i force myself to eat the side salad because i'm still hungry after guzzling the pie. but the salad is good too. i recommend this item!!this used to be one of my favorite places. the coffee is still pretty decent though a tad overpriced. but the real winner was he blueberry tea that they carried. delicious just sweet enough blueberry tea. dollop has wrongfully decided to switch to hibiscus tea. now i normally like hibiscus but this tea was watered down and tasted like old gum that has been sitting in water for awhile. do not get it. bring back blueberry.i needed a break from traditional coffee places in the loop (i.e starbucks and dunkin) and stopped in at dollop to give it a try. the hazelnut latte immediately caught my eye and i gave it a try. it was delicious! the coffee can be a little pricey, however it was nice to try something new. the best part about dollop is that it doesn't give off the chain vibe. their baristas are super friendly and always seem to be striking up a conversation with the customers. the location is great and the layout is different. the shop faces the street, which allows the shop to be well lit, while providing customers a chance to people watch.coffee is disquietingly sour and watery. quite too big for espresso and cup was super dirty.best thing to happen to 55 w monroe in years - dollop moving in! staff is super friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. your implementation of oat milk is the bees knees in my honey cinnamon latte. love chatting with the baristas in the afternoon about nothing in particular - and using the ritual app in the morning to get my drink and go. i don't even have to leave the building! :)i visited on a tuesday afternoon. \u00a0the place was hopping with downtown employees and folks on their computers. \u00a0i ordered a cortado, one of my favorite drinks, and really enjoyed it. \u00a0the service was fast. \u00a0while i waited for my drink i struck up a conversation with who turned out to be the manager of this location as he straightened up items in the store. \u00a0super nice and friendly guy :) this location has the equipment, coffee, and friendly and trained staff to make any visit a good visit.he coffee is always excellent and service is friendly. i like the hipster decor and the bleacher seating. i ordered a breakfast sandwich for the first time today. a sausage biscuit with gouda and caramelized onions. well...my mouth was not ready for balsamic caramelized onions early in the morning. it was a bit of a surprise but it was still good. and the biscuit was buttery, flaky, fluffy perfection.one thing i don't like...the step in the payment process where they ask you to add a tip to the order total (15%, 20%, 25%). i'm a little irritated with baristas getting tips to begin with, but when i only order a sandwich the cashier is asking me to tip her just for taking my order. dislike.best coffee in the area and convenient ordering ahead on ritual, but forget about a quick stop to order in person. when they are slammed the one person making drinks keeps his/her leisurely pace while the employees not doing anything at the register or in the back wander around.dollop is my favorite place to grab a great cup of coffee for a morning treat or an afternoon pick-me-up. they serve metropolis coffee, which is rich and decadent and just downright delicious. you pay a little more than you would at starbucks, but i think every penny is worth it for the quality and selection.i made my first trip into dollop today after passing it almost everyday on my way to work. i judge every coffee shop by their almond milk cappuccino. \u00a0if you don't offer almond milk, i won't even order, so props to dollop for carrying it. \u00a0i also appreciated the fact that they have harmless harvest coconut water and rx bars. \u00a0however, that's where my positive experience ends. \u00a0my medium cappuccino was almost $6 and it tasted bitter. \u00a0it was reminiscent of starbucks bitterness, which i can't stand. it also had almost no froth. \u00a0(i realize it's more difficult to froth almond milk but i assure you it can be done - rom does it perfectly). \u00a0i am afraid dollop is 1 and done for me.good americano. i went in the evening so it wasn't crowded. price was about $3 for an 8oz. the inside has great seating for people watching outside. i'd like to go back to try the food and specialty drinks.i had my first dollop experience and will never go back. my latte took too long to prepare and when i received it, it was served luke warm. the team could also use training in sanitation. i saw one of the baristas stick his finger in someone's drink to remove something. the cashier who took my order went to the back to prepare my bagel without washing her hands. no thanks!the coffee here is really good and i'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't due to my recent experience. i ordered through an app called . i got a large coffee but when i showed up, it was small. i asked the barista three times if that was my drink and he said \"yes\". i left puzzled so i decided to check the app and i did order a large, not small. i felt bad bringing it back but i went in and showed the barista on the app that i ordered a different size. i apologized because i felt bad bringing it back and asking him to make another. he just looked at my app, made a grunting noise, and starting making another. when he was done i said \"thanks so much\" and he just looked at me like i was an inconvenience. maybe if they would have read the order the right the first time, it wouldn't have had to be remade. i shouldn't have to sad sorry for my drink being messed up.finals week is one hell of a week.. came in here to get my usual iced chai with soy milk that i get from any coffee/tea joint. ordering it from dollop is heaven every sip i take. the chai is so rich and perfect to my taste. i also ordered the everything bagel with cream cheese, red onion, and tomato.. gosh. so good! and the staff is so sweet and lovely (+++)so happy that this location is so close to depaul u, where i spend most of my days. definitely my go-to as of late.idk the coffee is mediocre and the pastries are ugh...i got excited to see a scone and it was the worst chocolate chip scone ever...coffee was just okay..i regretted not going to mcdonald's for iced coffee...would've been almost $1 cheaper and a bigger cup...i really wanted to like this place. bright and cheery and in a good location. but if you charge more than starbucks, your coffee has to be better than starbucks. not the case here. and to top it off, my muffin was not fresh - needed the watery coffee to wash it down. too bad.holy crap the almond croissant. that is all.i gave this place two chances to satisfy me and is has failed on both ocassions. i asked for a large mocha and they pretty much gave me a regular latte. they also messed up my sandwich order of a blt, which is a pretty basic sandwhich to make. if you want to come to a place for a cute instagram pic and waste your money on some inadequate and overly expensive food and drinks, this is the place for you. otherwise, don't bother.i like this place. always vibrant and alive. coffee is good and they do have small selection of food menue.i had drip coffee that was pretty weak. \u00a0the medium size is kind of a joke. \u00a0it would be a small anywhere else (other than at a place serving cuban coffee). \u00a0the coffee is 2 stars but the brie and fig and pear sandwich was a solid 3 star so i rounded up. \u00a0i love the look of the place. \u00a0it was packed. \u00a0i must missing something. i don't quite understand the following but i will try a bar drink next time and hope it packs a better punch than the drip coffee. \u00a0free wifi is nice.ham & gruyere croissant and chocolate chip scones were very yummy, but was disappointed that the kitchen wasn't open on saturdays for sandwiches and other things i planned to try ahead of time. overall was a pleasant breakfast and will be returning again. boyfriend ate all my croissant :(slooooow, unenthusiastic service. counter gal wasn't aware if they had chips or not. order was lost. served on the wrong bread. beef was very good (that's all i ate). $11.00 and still starving. never again.this place has good coffee and tasty croissants. i would love to come back!! i had an almond latte from their special coffee menu and got two croissants (one with beef & mustard and the other one with cranberry & peanut butter)~this place opened a couple days ago in my office building. i was excited since i've seen good reviews at other locations. unfortunately, it was a big disappointment. the menu has a lot of great options for both hot and cold coffee and tea options. i saw that almond milk was an option ($0.60 charge), so i decided on a 12 oz. cappuccino. i really like coffee so i prefer a 1/2 coffee, 1/2 milk cappuccino. i know that's not normally an option. most places do 2/3 milk, 1/3 coffee, and that's fine. i watched the girl behind the counter make mine. she poured about 8 oz \u00a0of milk out and steamed it. then she brewed one shot of espresso and put it in.. so i paid almost $5 (tax included) for a glass of frothy milk with a tinge of coffee taste. my coworker order a 12 oz iced americano. the same thing. we saw them fill the glass with ice and water, almost to the top and then added 1 shot of espresso. it was so weak, another coworker thought she was drinking iced tea. while i was waiting for my drink, one of the guys behind me ordered a regular 16 oz coffee. they poured a cup with about 12 oz of coffee in it. he was rightfully upset and asked that if he is going to pay for 16 oz, he expects to get them. it's similar pricing to any other coffee shop you might find in the loop, but i did not get what i paid for.no need to really review this place because if they can't have cream and splenda ready and waiting for you they really shouldn't be in business as a coffee shop. love the picnic tables.not a place to go if you value fine coffee properly served. \u00a0they serve metropolis, which can be excellent if properly prepared (try goddess and the baker on wabash--they serve metropolis coffee that's even better than metropolis's own cafe). \u00a0however, dollop serves espresso in paper cups even if you tell them you are staying there. \u00a0the espresso is good, though possibly brewed a bit under temperature. \u00a0if you prefer your espresso in a proper porcelain cup, the loop options remain intelligentsia or goddess.i hope they purchase a case of porcelain cups. \u00a0i'd be happy to try them again once they've got the bugs worked out.any coffee shop that's able to substitute almond milk is a plus in my book. (nothing against soy, i just don't need an extra dose of plant-based estrogen in the morning.) \u00a0their breakfast sandwiches are killer.this is the best coffee i have had in all of chicago and the breakfast options are great. \u00a0this is a quality place. i really don't get why americans like starbucks.great coffee, sandwiches, and pastries...their cortado is excellent. \u00a0solid business.was pleasantly surprised to see a new location, having previously visited dearborn location long back when i worked more near to that particular area but now, there is a place near my work on monroe! coffee is always great, and the staff are always very friendly and cool. \u00a0although there are a lot of coffee shops competing for the morning loop crowd, and choices abound, this is a great place for real coffee lovers. \u00a0one small critique though: they have a good food menu but perhaps owing to their signage and name, it might not always be obvious to passerby that they are more than just coffee.great bright coffee shop perfect for a quick cup or an all day work a thon. coffee is good, food is nice and the service is always with a smile. try their pour over coffee, is great and not something you can get everywhere.this place is the best! lattes are always well-made, pastries are fresh, and service is fast and friendly. it's a beautiful new shop with a great atmosphere. i had a large skim latte and an almond croissant, and both were delicious! i would recommend dollop to any tourists stopping by the bean or the art institute as a nice, more local alternative, and also to anyone who works in the area and wants a new regular coffee spot.wow, i just had a wonderful lunchtime sandwich. \u00a0well made a fresh ingredients. \u00a0yummy and the staff was really helpful.i am giving 3 stars for the coffee. the sausage biscuit wasn't that great for the price they had it athappy to have found a place that locals frequent. friendly & efficient service, varied menu with good espresso, tasty treats, and cute decor!would recommend refining hand-off to make sure there are no used grounds stuck to coffee cups or residual food spreads on to-go containers.overall great experience.what a delightful little coffee shop. the name alone has a warm and comforting feeling. we were staying at the hotel across the street and needed a spot to get some work done on a cold day. atmosphere: clean, well lit, modern. very busy on a weekend afternoon (full of laptops and bookworms). beverages: i did peruse the menu and they have a variety of lattes and hot teas; i was a little disappointed they don't have an apple cider. we both ordered hot cocoa, and it was deliciously rich.price: average; comparable to starbucks.the honey cinnamon latte is my favorite drink here. i recently got the nutella mocha and was slightly disappointed by that one. it just wasn't as rich as i was hoping it to be. they also have some food options, such as sandwiches, bagels and pastries. it's a great place to just stay all day to do some simple work.i love that there is plentiful seating and many outlets for charging. the seats are a little bit uncomfortable, i have to admit. it is a little loud (with chatter and music), so maybe not the best place to go if you really want to concentrate. but it seems like a great place for group meetings, or if you like some buzz in the background while you work. i love the large windows, the bright and cozy feeling interior. it's also great that they still open until 7 even on weekends.i happened to pass dollop on my way to yolk the other morning and it looked cool from the outside, bookmarking it because of the four-star average rating... but, sorry, can't agree with the overall assessment. the drip coffee: \u00a0not anything out of the ordinary and not particularly strong. (the complimentary illy dark roast being served in my hotel lobby was far better.)my banana nut muffin: \u00a0looked enticing, but had a dense, gummy consistency with a bad mouth-feel. \u00a0the service: aloof. let me offer one word of advice - if you don't say hello or thank you, you also shouldn't put a payment screen in front of me asking for a tip. the plus is the tall open space, with seating you can hang out in for a while - but, otherwise, seems like dollop could use an extra dollop of something.this chicago only quasi-small chain has some amazing coffees! \u00a0i indulged in an espresso and cold brew this morning and both were outstanding. \u00a0the baristas were super friendly and very knowledgeable. \u00a0 they roast their own beans at another location, and it's noticeable. \u00a0kudos dollop!my new favorite spot to get things done!dollop's bright and airy interior has made this my new favorite place to get things done on my laptop. there are tables, a couple comfy chairs, and a high top bar along the window. i was a little thrown off by the wifi asking for a password, but the password is listed on a very small sign by where you pick up your drinks. as for the coffee, it's a little too strong for my tastes. i got the honey cinnamon latte so many other people have raved about, and after one sip i was like whoa coffee! but if you're a big coffee lover, totally check this place out. or if you're nearby and looking for a place to work for a few hours, dollop is a million times better than all the neighborhood's starbucks.this is my go to spot for quick work meeting. i always get the honey cinnamon latte with a little less honey otherwise its too sweet for my liking. it's the perfect afternoon pick me up. it's a little pricey but it's comparable to other places in the area.this cafe came clutch. i flew into chicago on a workday at 7 in the morning. was stuck in a lyft for 1 hour on back to back conference calls. after dropping my luggage off at our hotel, my fiance and i walked a couple of blocks down and came across this place.we were tired, hungry, and desperately needed a place to plug in for work. this place met all the criteria. the vibe was a bit slow, which i needed. the coffee amazing. service was awesome - the baristas were cool and dressed so cute! and the food was amazing (every sandwich comes with a pickle and a really yummy potato salad).lastly, the internet connection was seamless. im happy my fiance recommended this place. super happy we came here.love this place! so much natural light, big and spacious, interesting artwork, and amazing coffee/tea and pastry/sandwich selection. glad to have discovered this coffee shop in my neighborhood. they have free wifi and plenty of study space so plan on spending a few hours here :)i go to dollop all the time just to see these two lovely girls that work there. one is blonde, always smiling and has the freaking best tattoo sleeves. i could talk to her for hours. the other is super stylish and rocks a flannel every time i see her and she's super sweet. they are so nice to me and make the best honey cinnamon latte that i honestly recommend this place for the amazing coffee and the spectacular employees. you'll love them just as much as the coffee!good simple restaurant like starbuck, were students work while sipping coffee.food is good even if choice is limited.not expensive excelent coffee, good and quick service.bon resto simple un peu comme starbuck ou les \u00e9tudiants travaillent en sirotant un caf\u00e9 !la nourriture est bonne m\u00eame si le choix est limit\u00e9. pas trop cher, bon service et le caf\u00e9 est excellent !best coffee shop in the city. great ambiance and character. there wasn't a line when we got there, but for the 45 min or so we were there the line was to the door. i got the cinnamon hunny latte which was fantastic. the everything bagel w/ cream cheese and avocado is to die for. great service, do yourself a favor, next time your in the city check this place out you won't be disappointed.good location, just a few blocks off of michigan. \u00a0friendly staff and a very open feel. \u00a0music cast a funky vibe to the atmosphere.coffee was delicious and they offer multiple sandwiches and danishes if you are looking to eat.i will be back for more.overview: amazing food and drinks, great prices, good atmosphere.our group got a variety of drinks from hot tea to iced coffee and they were all extremely delicious. \u00a0the make your own bagel is great with several different bagels, including garlic, herb, plain and more, spreads, goat and regular cream cheese, and toppings like avocado, tomatoes and cheese to choose from. the herb bagel is delicious and their portions are awesome. i got a garlic bagel with cream cheese, regular cheese and onion. it was really good! \u00a0they also sell lunch sandwiches all day and it comes with a pickle and a very small but yummy side of potato salad. they made our food and drinks pretty quickly and were able to wrap them up to go. the atmosphere was very comfortable and had a typical coffee shop feel.i've been twice and ordered the breakfast sandwich both times. the bread is a piece of heaven. i wanted to order another one after i finished, but i have this conflicting goal of being in shape. i shall return again when my daily calorie allowance lets me! great matcha too!i highly recommend give dollop a try. awesome space and location. the fresh baked bagels are great! i like to drink chai tea. i was a bit disappointed that they chai comes out of a box but it was still decent. the latte aspect was well done. i'll be back!the honey cinnamon latte is fantastic. it had just the right amount of cinnamon. i also ordered a breakfast sandwich which was overpriced and wasn't anything extraordinary. the coffee prices here are very reasonable. they have lots of seating available but it was almost full by 8:30am. this seems to be a great place to study or work remotely.was excited to try this small shop and buy a bag of beans. very cool design and was busy. unfortunately poorly made drinks served from a red headed barista that took ride bariatas to a whole new level. feel sorry for the owners of this shop that the team lets them down. hope we just caught it on a bad day.i believe this is a coffee shop chain in chicago and you must go to one when visiting. they have a list of syrups for your latte - i got the lavender latte! tons of room to sit, work or study! the latte was amazing - we sat on the couch and relaxed for a couple of minutes before we continued our adventure to navy pier. i want to try their food as the menu looked amazing - i'll be back!gr8 place to get some work done or meet up with your peeps! it does get crowded over the weekend but the coffee is bueno and the wifi is reliable. the sammies are quite good (esp the turkey sandwich). there are a number of dollops around chi town but this is my go to one!i love the vanilla latte here! not sour at all and tastes so good! the cold brew was also good. the location was great, and it has outdoor seating which is good for summer! i love the design and decorations of the place, very neat and in fashion. will definitely come back for more coffee!ok place to grab some coffee and get some work done. not my preferred coffee shop to study at, but i live right across the street, so very convenient for me. there are a couple large tables, seating about 10 people at max each. there are two bar seating areas against the windows. a few couches and armchairs. and then a couple tables for two people. on the weekends it can be pretty crowded, so it might be difficult to get a big group in here. usually, if i'm studying by myself, i can find a place to sit. many of the chairs are wobbly and not the most comfortable. some of the tables are tall enough to be standing-desk-height, which is great for those who don't like to sit when they work, or would like options.coffee is fine, tea is good. sandwiches are ok. i don't think any of the items they serve are extraordinary.main complaint is that no matter what season, it's always freezing in there. i often have to wear my actual coat from outside in doors. does not make me the most productive studier when i'm shivering.one good thing is that they have two walls with full windows, so there is a lot of natural light that gets in.had a delicious mexican spicy espresso coffee and an everything bagel with aioli! amazing, people were nice but under staffed.this location is spacious and lots of natural lighting (thanks to the ceiling high windows on two sides). free wifi. coffee is decent. baked goods are ok. haven't tried the sandwiches yet, but will one of these days. service is good. my preferred drink here is the honey cinnamon latte. good spot to grab a cup of coffee and read.dollop has a lovely modern atmosphere with a very very high ceiling and cute comfy seats. all-glass wall windows facing the east and being located between streeterville and atwater's towers, makes a wonderful coffee shop for a morning sit down with friends before they go to o'hare (the usual time i come here) or if you want to work on laptop. their coffee is just ok. spicy cinnamon latte was good. nutella mocha was good too. i prefer starbucks reserve coffee over coffee here, but the atmosphere here is the best. baristas are not that friendly here to my experience so far. snooty is the best word. this place is most perfect for a college student, a resident or fellow working on a research project or for a gathering with coffee vampires friends.i got iced latte, the coffee was really good. the service, not so much. the person who took my order didn't even look up the entire time, and the place wasn't even that busy. disappointing. i'd have liked to come back because it has a great vibe going on and is actually very spacious, but i won't. i like the service better in the west loop one.sooo i yelped a coffee house being a tourist in chicago and not wanting a starbucks. thanks to previous yelpers i was very pleased with the moment i walked in the door. the industrial vibe and unique menu were exciting.. i didn't know what i wanted and the 2 gitls behind the counter helped me with some explanations and suggestions. i went with the cold latte with oatmeal milk...because they were out of almond milk. lucky me because it was decadent, creamy, smooth and rich with flavour and depth...it took me an hour to drink it. knocked starbucks out of the park!! \u00a0the coffee jousecwas full of energy with computer techies and \u00a0couples enjoying a quick conversation before going back to work. bright blue chairs on the patio with dog bowls of water were inviting. bathrooms were newly decorated, homey and very clean. there is a reward program for frequent flyers visting there locations in uptown, lakeview, streeterville (x2), evanston, the loop (x3), ukrainian village, and now hyde park.\u00a0 \u00a0come for the vibe, the fresh eggs, meats and ukrainian pastriesi've been here twice and and both times i ordered coffee. the first time i ordered the mexican mocha w/ 3 chile blend and it was pretty good! what i liked about it was that it was different from your typical coffee and the chile blend gave it strong distinct spicy flavor. it kinda confuses your taste buds haha (but in a good way in my opinion!). the second time (today) i ordered the honey cinnamon latte and it was pretty good! not as wild in flavor as the mexican mocha but \u00a0definitely something i would order again this fall. it wasn't packed either times i've visited. people usually come here to study or get work done.there is a cute little couch area that is usually always taken, tables with outlets and outdoor seating for when the weather is nice! i really liked the layout and vibe of this coffee shop and if i lived around the area i would definitely consider getting work done here!this place is so great that we made two visits while we were visiting chicago. \u00a0our first visit was for brunch bagels and coffee. \u00a0the bagels were perfectly toasted, sliced, and topped with our choices of toppings. \u00a0they were quickly prepared and totally hit the spot! \u00a0my cappuccino was a dream-- not only was it a work of art, but it tasted delightful. \u00a0the espresso base was complex and fragrant. \u00a0our second visit was for an afternoon caffeine recharge. \u00a0we knew the coffee was a hit, so we ordered an iced coffee and a cappuccino again. \u00a0again, the orders came out quickly and exactly how we had ordered.good spot to sit down, grab a coffee, and get some work done. the coffee is good, not super fancy but affordable. there's plenty of seating and tons of variety - from armchairs to couches to high, communal tables. the place is always busy with students and working professionals, so expect a wait.only come here for the bagels, because the coffee is not as tasty as what i am used to. still not bad lattes though. their coffee is locally sourced. i am more of an adventurer kind of guy so i love trying new places. they do stack up on the cream cheese, so all the time we have to scrape half of it off. no biggie just a bit messy. it's locally close by us so that's a plus. they also do a neighborhood discount with proof of your high rise fob.great spot for pour over and mexican mocha. friendly and informative conversation with sam. got some info on what to check out as a clueless tourist from nyc. cheers. keep killin it dudettes. :)if you want your stuff stolen, dollop is the place for you. i used the credit card that was stolen about an hour before (inside dollop), and realized the theft happened while still in this establishment. to save you readers from judgement, i'm very careful and cognoscente about my belongings, but that was no match for this level of white-collar crime. to add insult to injury, the manager was very unhelpful and immediately informed me that the security cameras do not work. so, i'm assuming they're in on it, probably to make up for their low hourly wages.best spot for coffee...the honey cinnamon late is excellent and the dirty chai latte is made to perfection. this casual coffee shop has high ceilings and a nice industrial looking. their personnel are friendly and attentive. try it you won't regret it.i love dollop but be warned that this location is super slow in the mornings. they only have two people working and they do all orders, coffee and food. i probably spent longer getting a latte here than my taking a my bus from union station. definitely a lot slower than other locations. good place to do work though hence the three stars.came \u00a0in with high expectations on how a coffee roasteries should be doing a pretty latte art but it came out with no latte art at all.love this coffee shop. \u00a0coffee is delicious, chocolate scone is perfect, staff friendly, and the location and vibe is great. \u00a0go here every time i am in the area.cute coffee shop in the streeterville area with decent coffee and plenty of room for studying.i love the large windows and the high ceilings. it's the perfect spot for to chill, study, or get some work done. it wasn't too packed on a tuesday afternoon, and there were many available seats. seating also varies from couches, tables, bar stools by window seats - so there's something for everyone. wifi is reliable and solid.i ordered their honey cinnamon latte special - it was good, but too light for my taste since i like darker roasts.great environment to study at, very peaceful vibe and open area. i ordered the nutella mocha, matcha latte, and roast beef sandwich. drinks were ok, tasted a little watered down, but the sandwiches were very tasty and included potato salad and a pickle.i'm so glad found this coffee shop on yelp during my visit to chicago! the baristas were super friendly and they had tons of non-dairy milk options. i loved my oat-milk honey cinnamon latte! i can't wait to come back to chicago and bring my husband here!not sure who was helping these other customers that raved about great customer service because i was just in here for the first time from out of town and these guys were awful. both female and male behind the counter were silent, unhelpful and made no attempt to let me know when my iced coffee was ready- it sat there on the counter, while my family of four waited with me. yes, the gal behind the counter told me she'd let me know when it was ready which is why i wasn't hovering over the counter waiting. seemed like a cool place- nice atmosphere, and good menu but i'd never go back. try smiling to your customers and acting like you give a sh*t they're standing in front of you next time.this was the second dollop i visited and i was not disappointed. located in a great and safe area, it was a clear hub for many students, tourists, and office workers. a girl named sam took my order, and suggested i try it with a shot of vanilla (delicious!) again, very kind people. the interior was modern and had lots of different types of seating. they also had some souvenirs and bagged coffee available for purchase. i went to this location twice in my 3 day trip. i recommend to anyone looking for a nice place to get their fix!the best almond milk latte i've ever had!! the coffee is really great, and i also loved that the almond milk was sweeter than usual. the atmosphere is also so cute and the staff is super friendly and helpful.dollop coffee has a lot of charm; i really enjoy both the coffee and the variety of options on the menu.every time i visit the line is never more than a few people long. the baristas are quick, yet efficient. i've always been impressed with the balance of the drinks. i've tried both the soy latte and the nutella mocha.the nutella mocha is my favorite! once i tried it, it became my go-to. it's creamy, smooth, and rich. the sweetness level is actually perfect - you get a little bit of the sweetness from the nutella, but the coffee and non-sweetened milk balances it out nicely. the cafe always seems full, but i never end up having a hard time finding a seat. this seems to be a favorite study/work spot for a lot of people. the atmosphere is cozy and inviting. there are both big and small wooden tables, a couch, and two arm chairs. as other people mentioned previously, the crowd is mixed and there are plenty of outlets. free wifi is always a plus.i don't even live in streeterville and yet i find myself visiting this cafe often. it's definitely worth checking out dollop coffee! :)pros:good and friendly service large selection of flavorful coffeedecent price free wificool atmosphere cons:busy (hotspot for students)can get loud and crowded depending on the time/dayseating is not the most comfortable can get a little coldi went in about 11am today. two female workers. i ordered a sandwich. the girl who took my order and rang it up was so unfriendly and no thank you at all. i was just standing around and i noticed the other girl toasting the bread. i asked them not to toast it. they seemed annoyed at my very presence much less asking for my almost $10 sandwich to be made the way i want it. i got it to go. when i ate it a little while later the bread was so stale i now know why they want to toast the bread. who's the manager/owner of this place? you should teach your employees customer service and check the food to make sure it's fit to serve.there is another coffee spot near by on illinois street called \"cupitol coffee and eatery\" and a starbuck's on ontario street close by. i will go anywhere but here next time.i am a bit conflicted about this place. we stopped by as we needed a quick coffee in the morning. partner got the cortado with coconut milk and it fell flat. nothing remarkable. just basic. i got the mexican latte with three chili, which i thought was great but slightly too heavy on the cinnamon. i don't think the barista enjoyed her job; she had the most apathetic affect during our brief interaction. when ordering, i neglected to correct her when she said \"mexican latte with almond milk.\" i am unsure where she got the almond milk from because i never asked for the substitution, but it was my fault for not correcting her. i am also unsure if the replacement made the latte feel less rich .. regardless, it was a nice drink but not enough to cause me to return. i would much rather drink jacques torres' wicked hot chocolate. would i recommend? sure if you're in the neighborhood but there's nothing extraordinary. ambience is a standard coffee shop - lots of people from northwestern having meetings here, students working on their computers, etc. i guess it's chilled \u00a0from the vibes of its patrons, but their barista was unwelcoming.nothing special, nothing bad. just an average cute little shop to drop by while waiting for a nearby brunch reservation. not a coffee shop i would go to get some work done tho, moreso a catch-up or to go spot. the lines can be a little long but i went on sunday morning so not sure what it'd be like on the weekday. just on the street parking so you may have to drive around to find someplace to park.i stopped in today with a friend for the first time and had a turkey sandwich and a nutella mocha. while i enjoyed both the sandwich and the beverage, i will not return to this location due to the poor customer service. the cashier was cold and rude to me when i asked her for skim milk. instead of saying that she didn't hear what i was saying, she responded by rolling her eyes at me, shaking her head, and stated \"what? we don't have that!\" finding it difficult to believe that a coffee establishment doesn't have skim milk; i repeated the request, which her coworker heard from further away, and jumped in to assist. no apology was offered, and in fact, i gave her an apology for making her so upset. there were no lids stocked to fit my medium sized cup, there were no forks in the utensil holders, and the garbages were overflowing. i loved the atmosphere and product offerings, but i'll take my business somewhere that treats customers with a bit more respect.great place to have breakfast at the ohio street. \u00a0with very few vegetarian options being the downside, we went for a veggie sandwich, a brown sugar almond cake, and cortado. the sandwich tasted good and fresh. however, it had an unusually large piece of red pepper. but the rest of the veggies came together very nicely with the bread. muffin was great. not very sweet - just right. cortado, however, wasn't so great as we have had better ones before.the place is quite busy in general but not so much of wait compared to other known places for breakfast in the vicinity. the staff is quite friendly and quick on service. seating can be improved as most of the seating here is high chairs. overall, a good and less crowded place to have a decent breakfast.after exploring the tourist areas in downtown chicago, we found this coffee joint. \u00a0it was a welcomed and needed change in temperature from the cold outside. plus, it was great for my footsies to take a break. \u00a0inside the cafe was lively and surprisingly busy for 3-ish on a thursday afternoon. it was spacious with tall ceilings and long tables, square tables, round tables, and lounge tables galore. \u00a0the coffee itself, excellent. i'm no coffee conniseuer, and i have no idea if the coffee bean came from a single batch, from the andes and roasted in some 1000 year old roaster handed down from a grandma. however, i do know that i got the mexican mocha with \u00a0cayenne and that ish was the ish. \u00a0i also know that the cappuccino my brother in law ordered was strong and robust. and lastly, i strongly have an inkling that the barista's behind the bar know what they are doing with the coffees that are being served here at dollop coffee shop. some come here and enjoy yourself some goodness and get yourself out of the cold!a fine place to work; passable coffee, decent bagel sandwiches. \u00a0mostly high-top bar stools, but there are a few armchairs. \u00a0music was faintly jarring, but not seriously objectionable.i rain into an unusually contentious bunch of customers --- one couple sniping at each other about who was going to take care of the dog, another pair cursing loudly about doors that open inwards instead of outwards (which apparently breaks the flow of walking out with your coffee). \u00a0perhaps more people here should order the decaf...i come here at least once every few weeks to study. good place to get some work done or for a meeting but a few things can be done better. the work vibe is very nice, a good level of ambient noise nice big windows with a lot of lighting. some good armchairs, couches, window bar seats and some tables of varying sizes. there is good table space for a laptop or smt but some of the the tables are pretty small/can get crowded/weirdly shaped so its hard to have a lot of work space. if you come on a weekend i would suggest getting here before 11am or after 3pm as sometimes it can be quite busy and have no seating. and bring a jacket if you're going to be here for a bit... it always feels cold whether its summer or winter. coffee/expresso- rich and dark chai latte- if you like a good strong chai flavored latte, i would recommended. they make all their lattes with pretty designs! there is also always a self serve water station so you can stay hydrated! food: had the brie sandwich here before but it was quite pricey and there's doesnt seem to be an actual kitchen that makes food. the baked goods like muffins etc are ok. i think it would be a lot better if there would be more food options here. i'd say if you're in the area give this place a shot to do some work, read a book, or enjoy a nice conversation but i would not come here hungry (or cold).coffee is pretty good. i had a cappuccino and it had a smooth, buttery mouthfeel. they clearly use a blond roast, which is not my favorite for a cappuccino. but anyway, that's not the larger issue that resulted in my 3 stars.i'm deducting two stars because the seating is, i'm not kidding, horrible. they have this long bar along the window with stools. the seats are made from a 2x12 piece of lumber. square cut. flat. literally the least human-friendly shape a seat could take without involving pyramids. no matter how i put my feet up on the footrests, the corners of the seat dig into my thighs.so i move to the shorter chairs placed around the lower tables. they're better. but now my knees are up around my chin. and that exposes the bony part of my rump so that's uncomfortable after five mins.the staff -- disinterested in anything but their interpersonal relationships. not a very friendly place.this is a really cute coffee shop! great place to hang out or work during the day, with bright lights, open seating, and a few comfy armchairs and couches. i ordered the honey cinnamon latte less sweet which was delicious and had a beautiful design as well! other reviews said the latte was sweet and typically i enjoy my coffee on the bitter side, so the less sweet option was perfect. with that i had the build your own bagel meal, which i also quite enjoyed and thought it was a good price for how much food you got, and you could choose from a really good variety of bagels, spreads, and toppings! would definitely recommend to anyone in the area!great place for coffee and tea! \u00a0forget that chain that starts with a s and come here instead. \u00a0service was great and employees were friendly and knowledgeable. \u00a0my only lost star was just because i didn't really care for the flavor of the chai tea latte. \u00a0it was a little too heavy on one flavor, probably cinnamon. \u00a0but, other than that, great! \u00a0free wifi and nice, comfortable couches.good looking coffee shop, nice place to chill in for a morning. but the staff are entirely unfriendly, overwhelmed and aloof. they forget orders, leave your breakfast in the toaster to take time to count they're tip jar. management should be made aware.chomping on a vegan banana nut muffin as i type and i can't believe it's not butter! \u00a0yes there are more coffee-nazi places out there, but this place strikes a great balance between getting some work done and staying refreshed throughout the day. \u00a0thus, the coveted 5-star rating!steve's digialnomad rating == 4/4fast wifi/cell reception - yepfood/snacks - yespower - fo shoplace to chill - alwaysthe mexican mocha is my favorite here. it's not too sweet but sweet enough for my sweet tooth. i also liked their vanilla latte and chai latte. i would definitely come back!good coffee, quick eats, free wifi, tons of tables. pricier than your average but the lattes are made in front of you and the hot chocolate is cocoa strong. free wifi and water make it an ideal spot to get some work done for an hour or two. not the comfiest of seats but definitely one of the better options for a morning break in the area.pretty cool modern / trendy coffee shop in the heart of streeterville that seems to always be busy. free wifi and plenty of seats but somehow always difficult to find somewhere to grab a spot as just about everyone in here seems to be trying to get some work done.aside from that, definitely a go to spot to grab a cup of joe if i don't feel like making coffee at home. they serve up all the classics from your standard cup of coffee to americanos to lattes and cappuccinos, and even some specialties as i've read some have raved about their nutella mocha. as i recall they serve strictly metropolis coffee which is a local chicago based coffee company. pretty cool they keep it local and they even carry their whole bean coffee in bags if you'd like to take some for home. in addition, they also serve some assorted baked good and some assorted breakfast and lunch sandwiches if you get hungry. anyways for the same price as as the big chain coffee shops, why not keep it local? other than that not much else i got on this one. 'til next time, cheers! \u00a0 \u00a0140/365i love this shop! they're conveniently located in streeterville and always make everything perfectly to order. my go-to is always the mocha and their designs on the coffee are so well done. everyone's so friendly there- special shout out to sam! definitely not a coffee shop you would feel uncomfortable in! highly recommend if you're in the area.excellent dedication to satisfying customers. great pastries for breakfast. nice atmosphere.this place is great. has that local coffee vibe and has some really good coffee. my favorite is the honey cinnamon latte. comes in hot or iced, both are delicious. slightly pricey ($5.05 for the iced latte seems a dollar high than i'd like to pay).good coffee, plenty of seating, wifi, convenient-ish stop for something warm to drink when walking east to navy pier. baristas were super friendly and accommodating. we decided to change our order (doh!) and they were very gracious about it. the usual coffee/tea drinks and the honey cinnamon latte was a fav.i always liked this place until today. i ordered an ice mocha and asked a giant ice cube to be removed from the cup. the guy used his hand to grab that ice cube and his fingers all dipped in my coffee. he didn't even say sorry. anyhow he couldn't grab that ice using his fingers after several trys so he poured the coffee to another cup with less ice. then again dipped his fingers to that new cup to grab ice! at least be professional and wear the gloves! so gross!love! this coffee shop is totally adorable and makes a great latte. they have alternate milk options, which is essential to me. we continually go back and highly recommend it! (:man i wish i lived in chicago just so i can study here!!! this is seriously the cutest most hip little coffee shop. the decor is very modern and chic. all the baristas are so cool looking and complement the vibe. i read the reviews on yelp before hand and a lot of people talked about the mexican coffee and since that sounded uber duber awesome, i got that. omg seriously if it started snowing right now outside, and i had my mexican coffee, i would be a happy girl. the coffee has such a feisty kick when you drink it due to the cayenne pepper and it makes your whole body warm. it's such a rich and unique depth of overwhelming flavor, definitely a must try!!the patrons all look like younger aged population in the 20s and many were hard at work. i think this would be an invigorating location to get work done and enjoy food and drinks. loved it!i spent the guts of three days working out of this coffee shop while visiting chicago - it was the third coffee shop i landed at over the course of the trip, and i'm really glad i found it!coffee: greatservice: fantastic (friendly baristas noticed i was effectively living there by day 2)wifi: good - they've got a comcast line, works well enough.i had pre ordered my drink through the ritual app. when i got there i picked up a drink that was by the counter and took a hearty sip. i quickly realized that it was not the almond latte had ordered. luckily it was my best friend's mexican mocha. my almond milk latte was prepared and i reluctantly \u00a0had to give the mexican mocha back to her. both drinks were very tasty, but i highly recommend the specialty lattes. they're very balanced and not too sweet!great coffee spot in downtown! we went here today after spending the afternoon at the navy pier. the baristas were friendly and efficient. plenty of seating and great drinks! my boyfriend tried a guatemalan pour over called santa sofia and i ordered the mexican mocha (it's made with a three chile blend). both drinks came out quickly and were very flavorful. given our experience i would definitely come back to try more!i recently discovered dollop and it's now my favorite coffee shop in chicago. bright sunny space, a really great cup of coffee and the staff is the absolute best. \u00a0i'm so glad i found this place!they make an excellent mexican mocha - rich, spicy, not too sweet, and flavorful. very impressed! the space is big, bright, and open with plenty of seating and wide aisles - it's accessible and good for folks with strollers or wheelchairs. they were playing fun 90s/2000s music and the staff was friendly and efficient.was so happy to have some warming welcoming experience. the two guys were very sweet and attentive. i am enjoying this type of vive. that's what keeps customers coming back. attentiveness and a smile go a long way. kudos to this mornings staff.it is a very nice place for a coffee on winter. the coffee is really good, however there were only two options. the tea option are great for those who don't like any kind of coffee...stopped in for a bit for a cup of coffee after a long walk. cool atmosphere for a quick drink but don't know that i'd like to sit for a long extended period to get work done.the interior is a little stark and the seating is hard and uncomfortable. the staff was \u00a0friendly and helpful. i got a mocha which was pretty good. nice place for a quick drink and you get 10% off every order if you work or live in the area.honey cinnamon latter good and not too sweet. can be hotter in temp. \u00a0nice space with lots of working space.place is legit. i am moving to a place about 2 blocks away and i envision this being a crack like habit. not the cheap imported crack, but that good small craft batch crack cooked over a bunson burner. tried a regular mocha and the nutella mocha, both amazing. i recco the nutella mocha since it's not something you see everywhere. the place is always packed, morning or afternoon. lots of laptops and headphones but a good vibe with great people.this is the coolest coffee shop ever! i could listen to their hip hop playlist all day and sip on my mexican mocha. there's lots of tables and window-bar seating and comfy couch seating, and there seems to be a lot of people working remotely from there. i'm not sure how they are able to get much done with the background noise but power to them.extra hot mexican mocha with sticky foam! looks too beautiful to sip! i finally destroyed the baristas masterpiece and it tastes amazing! the cinnamon chili spice complements the smooth dark chocolate and warm milk perfectly decor is cute, 70s glam mod with a little country kitchen thrown in for comfort. patrons here appear to be creatively working on their macs, i'm trying to fit in by writing this review!cool place to visit if you are in the neighborhood!great cafe to work from. \u00a0not too slammed or loud, really good bagel sandwiches (i got the turkey), and the honey cinnamon latte thing is very tasty.cute coffee place. we enjoyed the honey cinnamon latte and the mexican cocoa. wifi was good. saw a lot of people working or studying here. i like that the bathroom is labeled \"whichever.\" fine service.great place to work/study, super friendly staff, and a ton of outlets + different seating options. consider ordering the cinnamon honey latte, super tasty!i love love love studying here. the music is on point, it's never too crowded, & even if it is there are enough seats. not to mention the free wifi. i've also gone to dollop on van buren in the loop but this location has so far been my favorite. i've gotten the smores mocha, nutella mocha, & veggie breakfast sandwich and have yet to be disappointed!had a cortado. coffee was too sour and strong. \u00a0will try again for a better cup of coffee.i used to love this place but in the last few months they've been blasting the music way too loud lately to the point that its unbareablegreat writing/working space, atmosphere and drinks. baristas are friendly too!while in town on vacation i was looking for a space to write. this place appealed to me for the variety of seating arrangements, natural light and free wifi. they have a nice long bar with stools to either stand or sit at. i like having both options to keep the writing going! they have extension cords around the place so plenty of outlets to plug into if you have a long enough leash... i mean cord ;)i also love their range of music. i have heard both alt-j and the beach boys while here. the volume is just enough to enjoy but not overpowering your focus.i ordered an iced vanilla latte. they have a range of sweeteners for self-service, which i usually will do to avoid over sugary drinks. however they put in just the right amount for me. the espresso is very good. deep and smooth, and not too acidic. next time, i'll bring a snack (or try a scone here) and try their mexican mocha.i love this place for a quick sandwich and to do some work on my laptop during my lunch break, but the past 10-15 times i have been here, they have been out of ingredients for the turkey sandwich. they run out of baguettes so frequently, a few weeks ago they ran out of turkey, today they didn't have cheese, and once or twice they have run out of avocado. i go to lunch between 12 and 1, so i am surprised that by this time they are still running out of ingredients. the coffee is good and when all ingredients are on the sandwiches, they are delicious! i like the ambiance, but because of these ingredient shortages, i'm definitely going to be frequenting less.ordered a pour over coffee and have to say that it was pretty bad. \u00a0while the barrista seemed to prepare it properly by weighing, timing the delivery of water, etc the end result was a coffee that was under extracted and very watery in taste. \u00a0i thought that maybe it was the bean and/or roast but ultimately it didn't matter. \u00a0the drink was not good. \u00a0i returned it and explained my dislike. \u00a0they happily gave me a brewed coffee instead which tasted much better.still one of my favorite stops to get something to drink. the ambience is chill; there isn't loud music or tons of chit-chatting. the baristas behind the bar are very friendly, and the drinks are always amazing. this location is also down the street from one of my favorite restaurants, so i'm not sure why i don't frequent this place as often....amazing almond milk latte and very friendly baristasflavor & prep of latt\u00e9 is 5 star. but if you want eats, go elsewhere. we had a muffin but they could not warm it up. also a big pet peeve of mine is defaulting to a paper cup. \u00a0but she did manage to get us a nice latte art.really cute, \u00a0friendly staff, \u00a0lots of room to work if need be. \u00a0great atmosphere, \u00a0coffee and pastry selection is great!ordered the raspberry mocha, mexican mocha, and the turkey sandwich.the raspberry mocha was rich, creamy, flavorful, and had that nice raspberry flavor that made you want to drink it more and more. it wasn't too heavy and served as a great morning starter. great choice if you want a change from your regular mocha.the mexican mocha was definitely more flavorful due to the dash of cayenne that warms your soul as you drink it. the consistency was thicker and creamier. this is the perfect drink for a cold chicago day! the turkey sandwich was also very delicious! the avocado and chipotle mayo paired perfectly with the toasty whole grain bread. everything was very fresh and made my morning fantastic!will definitely be back to try the other items on the menu! there is also also of table space to get work done as well as outlets and wifi!what a great coffee place. i love the amount of natural lighting it gets. the coffee is tasty and their pastry delicious, but the best is their friendly and outstanding service!if you are looking for a quality cup of coffee, this is the place to go. amazing beans and baristas. also, the turkey sandwich with avocado on a fresh baguette was awesome too.dollop is a cool coffee joint near the magnificent mile. they have the usual coffee selections and plus some unique special ones written on a small list located next to the register. the shop is very spacious with lots of seats, tables, and even a couch and sofas. this shop would make an excellent study center. i had the mexican mocha with cayenne, mexican cocoa, and lavender vanilla latte. both mexican drinks had spicy cayenne pepper that is pretty noticeable but not too spicy to be offensive. the spiciness lingers on for minutes even if you stopped after a small sip. the lavender vanilla latte was pretty good but nothing outstanding. i especially love the creamy taste of it. all the drinks had a fair amount of sweetness which is just right for me. price for the drinks was about 5 bux after tax for a large size, which appears to be 20 ounces, which is fair.the environment is minimalistic and trendy. it reminds me of the apple store with the wooden chairs, wooden tables, and clean design. overall coffee 4 stars and environment 5 stars.best. coffee. in. chicago.i love love love the lattes and regular house coffee here.the food also looks awesome! they sell sandwiches and cool lunch foods.the seating area is great too! lots of people come here to study!i recently bought coffee beans from this place to make the coffee at home with my french press and it is absolutely heaven in a cup! definitely buy their coffee beans if you have a coffee machine/maker at home! it is totally worth it:)so cute! they put cute designs in coffee, the space is cute, the coffee flavors are cute. i love it, obviously better than starbucks.was in town from san francisco for the niners and bears and needed some caffeine for the 12p kick. headed here, cause it was the closest cafe to our hotel and did not second guess ourselves! my wife is a big fan of mexican mocha's in the bay area. and to her surprise she found dollop's also offered their version. she said it was as good as from the coffee shop she orders from in sf, antiguas. my coffee was on point as well and would head back over and over and over again! keep it going and we'll see you the next time were in the windy city.cute little coffee shop in downtown chicago. away from all the noise, traffic, and tourists. you definitely get a \"get work done\" vibe as soon as you walk in. most people are on their laptops working, very little conversations happening. great to sit and read a book!the baristas make an awesome soy chai latte. i tend to order i coffee or chai while on the train so by the time i get to my train stop i am able to just pickup and go.after dinner at bombay wraps across the road, i suggested post-meal coffee fix to my hubby. \u00a0i knew dollop coffee & tea was in a close proximity, and they open until 2100 hour, unlike many downtown coffee shops that would close at 1800 hour or open no later than 2000 hour. \u00a0i walked in, quickly browsed through the menu, and found my target of interest! \u00a0\"awesome, they have mexican mocha with cayenne.\" \u00a0i always love the \"ipsento\" at ipsento in bucktown by the cta western blue line station (o'hare branch). \u00a0cayenne pepper is the key ingredient in a cup of \"ipsento.\" \u00a0thus, i was excited to see it on the menu here at dollop. \u00a0dollop coffee & tea uses metropolis coffee, one of my favorite local coffee brands (other than dark matter). \u00a0they have a high-ceiling dining room, with a plenty of chairs, high stools, and power outlets. \u00a0my plan was to take it to-go, yet i changed my mind since the ambiance appeared to be relaxing to stick around and watch some sophisticated downtown-dwellers passing back and forth. \u00a0my mexican mocha was delicious, but the cayenne pepper was a bit too strong to my liking. \u00a0perhaps my taste bud was somewhat skewed since i had some indian food with distinct spices used in the food i just consumed. \u00a0nevertheless, i was very glad i could end my work day with a cup of quality coffee.i remember my last visit to a dollop coffee & tea (lakeview location) wasn't as spectacular, but i think i've had a better experience with this streeterville location this evening. \u00a0as always, i'm a die-hard supporter of local businesses, and i will certainly advocate dollop coffee & tea to anyone who wants \"coffee,\" not diluted, mysterious brown h2o like you see at a place with an initial \"dd.\"we had a quick weekend away & were staying close by, we ended up at dollop two evenings in a row and both times we were the only customers. which, i enjoyed! although it seems to be much busier in the morning and close to lunch time.the space was trendy & a bit industrial and the staff was very friendly, which was a huge plus. nothing worse than coffee snobs! :)my husband ordered hot chocolate and absolutely loved it. i had a mexican mocha- it definitely had quite the kick to it going down the throat, not really my style. i also tried a vanilla lavender latte, i believe is what it was called, and it didn't have too much flavor. i was hoping to really taste those notes of vanilla & lavender. all in all, i would go back and try something new. good vibes.i love dollop! their drinks are great. i had the nutella mocha which was perfectly balanced and not too sweet. definitely worth a try. dollop is one of my favorite places in river north to do work! the ambiance is a perfect combination of hipster and modern. they have ample outlets and lots of table space.this place is lit. extremely good wi-fi (tested on the howfastwifi app, you can stream stuff here too, no lag. the place is very spacious and clean. coffee is good, staff is friendly, and they have a bathroom. its a step down from hipster, but just a step away. **music is amazing here, best of like 90's and 2000s. waiting for the backstreet boys to come up.**i'm addicted to their nutella mocha. it's so delicious, smooth and perfect temperature. i'm a big fan of strong espresso drinks but after trying this, uuuummmmm! love this smooth taste.it's a big coffee shop located in the heart of streeterville area. very modern and artsy. definitely, a great spot to bring your device here and chill or it's a great spot to meet up with friends and talk non-stop( but make sure you won't be late for work like me yesterday, lol) always fun to go there. convenience location for me. downstairs from a luxury apartment, atwater( i hang out there all the time) cool restaurants, movie theater and super markets around. walking distance to michigan ave. and shopping center. love it here :)in town for a few days and this was close to my hotel. my cappuccino was good and i really liked the chocolate chip scone. moderate prices and a clean atmosphere. not super cozy, more modernthis place not only has a super hip and fun atmosphere but the coffee is so amazing. i almost gave it a four based on the prices, but i guess it is worth the price.stopped by here to get a drink after eating at m burger. very spacious coffee place. exceptionally high ceiling with lots of sunlight from the glass windows.the lavender vanilla latte is amazing! not too sweet with the vanilla. the lavender is subtle but noticeable enough - awesome drink. house coffee is great, fresh, bold, and full bodied. one thing i find interesting is that there is only one restroom for the entire store, which is quite large in size, compared to the coffee shops i've visited. i mean one for both genders. and the condition is not pleasing at all. anyway, the drinks we've ordered are good and atmosphere is nice. we'll come again if we happen to be in this area next time.spacious, bright, floor-to-ceiling windows. the iced tea is light but refreshing for a hot summers day. bagel with spread yummy but a little bit hard. spent all afternoon studying here and love the atmosphere.delicious drinks after a long wait. if you are coming here to just hand out, it may be a while until a table becomes available.i stop by every chance i get! my favorite is their iced hazelnut latte. this is a great spot to catch up with friends, or even sit on their couch all day and surf the internet. i'm a huge fan of dollop.atmosphere - 4/5the ambiance is good if you are looking for somewhere to study. if you want to hangout with some friends, this might not be the place because around 90% of customers that stay to sit down bring study materials and spend a long time here.the coffee - 3/5the coffee is decent. if you are coming to study and not looking for excellent coffee, this is the place for you. if you are a huge coffee fan, i don't know if i would recommend dollop cafe. there are other places you can find better coffee.i got the iced americano and it was very watered down and did not have much depth of flavor, in my opinion.customer service - 2.5/5the customer service wasn't great. the workers aren't necessarily rude. rather, they were unpleasant because they seemed annoyed at any request or questions asked. first, they got my order wrong and when i pointed it out, the barista made it seem like she was doing me a favor by remaking my drink. i would say the lack of customer service is the reason i give 3 stars overall.overall, if you are looking for a cute place to study with decent coffee, i would recommend dollop. the large glass windows allow for good lighting and atmosphere overall and you will most likely be surrounded by people also studying. i would not recommend for people looking for a place to hangout/chat or for really good coffee.nice place to bring laptop, sit and work on stuffs. quite spacious interior with many seats. great ambience. many coffee and tea options.downside is, since this place is awesome, there's always full of people whenever i went. hard to find seat sometimes.hipster staff, mixed customer mecca. i live just upstairs next door at 355 e so this is convenient to pick up metropolis beans, which they also brew. i'm usually a medium cup of coffee, skip the frou-frou drinks kind of fella. their coffee is good if small for the $2.15 medium price. i've tried the cappuccino and it's wonderful. they have some very interesting specialty drinks both on the regular menu and a special rotating menu just in front of the registers. have not tried their pastries or sandwiches but they look tasty and fresh. curiously absent from a *coffee* place are breakfast sandwiches or fare in general. i mentioned this to an employee once and he said, \"well that's more for a place where people hang out for awhile.\" i didn't have the heart to raise my brow sitcom style and turn dramatically to look at the **fully seated** chairs and tables of people doing exactly that, plonking on their devices, reading a paper, etc. for said devices is free wifi, which should be de rigueur these days!browsed yelp to find a new coffee place in the city and found this one. went on a late sunday afternoon and the place was packed with students using their laptops. had a spicy mocha and it was very good. the only negative thing was there were no pastries left so the people in our group that didn't want coffee got nothing. will try again, however maybe a different location as this one is too far off michigan avenue.a little \"dollop\" of happiness here. one of the things i do when i come to chi-town is get coffee--it's a must. necessity laid upon me and i found myself here. those of you who have been to a \"dean & deluca\" in nyc will find yourself in a similarly decor-ed place. very simple, yet trendy. many people here on a sunday are working/studying.i ordered the \"toasted marshmallow latte.\" yes and yes. i really could taste the marshmallow and not just a bunch of sugar. my hubby got the same thing, only iced, and it was equally as good. this wasn't my first time at this \"rodeo\" as i've gotten the iced \"lavender vanilla latte\" before. there are more \"dollop\" locations around chi-town. but i prefer this one as it's a bit on the larger size and feels more open.you guys. best. coffee. i've. ever. had. totally contemplating moving to chicago to be closer to dollop. srsly.i had an americano every day i was in town with just a dollop of creamer because the espresso tasted so good. my friend had a mexican mocha which was pleasantly spicy and made with discernibly high quality chocolate.awesome coffee and great service!on such a cool day walking to the navy pier this was yummy! perfect cafe on the corner.coffee is usually quite good depending on what they are serving that day. espresso is rich and full, and they pull a great shot. the atmosphere is great. i go here several times a week as it is near work. music is generally adventurous but not overbearing. right now they are pkaying some down tempo hip-hop funk. i use this as a meeting place for 'getting to know you' inquiries and casual business.great coffee, with excellent nyc-style bagels and pastries available. great for a fast grab-and-go breakfast.really cool environment and awesome atmosphere at dollop. although they have other locations around the city, i'm partial to this location. great place to chill and catch up on some emails or study. every time i come in it has been crowded. that's because the coffee is sooo good! \u00a0lots of flavor packed into these drinks with some really great pastries and cookies to pair with a great mocha.friendly service, fantastic coffee, excellent baked goods. a great little neighborhood spot for either a caffeine fix or to knock out an hour or two of work away from the office!highly recommend the mexican chile mocha and the honey cinnamon latte. yum!love the high sealing in this place, good place to work or be creative. the coffee is excellent, and there is a wide array of cold an warm beverages as well as pastries to choose from.this was terrible. although the decor was nice, the beverages were underwhelming. the coffee was sour, the hot chocolate was cold (ironically) and the latte art was nice on the coffees but not the hot chocolate. would not recommend. at all.very cute. extremely good place to study but noisy. tried the honey cinnamon latte. not very sweet but not very strong just ok but they do leave a cute design in milk on top :) boyfriend had macchiato. it was perfect! strong and yummymy go to coffee place when i'm in the streeterville area. good/stable wifi, nice selection of coffee, tea, and specialty drinks (actually, they have a pretty extensive specialty drink menu), and people here come to get work done. with this being said, you can expect some quiet time here minus the once-in-a-while large group that grabs drinks and leave shortly after. there are plugs galore, so you can stay here for as long as you please. baristas are not too overly friendly, but they do their best to provide you with quality drinks and service.come here if you want to get work done in a semi-quiet environment and appreciate nice interior design to go along with your coffee/work experience.coffee is very good but the croissant is just as bad as those in starbucks, not fresh, not crunchy.cute place great options i had the mexican latte it was perfect, not too hot to totally kill my taste buds, perfect to drink right away, plenty of seating, decent music, they played the yeah yeah yeahs when i was in there \u00a0i'll be backthis is the place to go for a good latte in river east!i rarely found myself in this area early enough for coffee, but went here nearly every day while attending a conference within walking distance for a week based on a recommendation from a fellow coffee lover and soooo glad i did!they have lots of \"fancy drink\" options, my favorite of the ones i tried being the mexican mocha. \u00a0just the right amount of cayenne to give it a little kick without being overwhelming. \u00a0they take their coffee seriously and can be a bit of a wait involved during the morning rush, so give yourself time.i also tried a few different croissant options - almond, raspberry goat cheese, and plain. \u00a0the raspberry goat cheese was a different combo from your usual filled croissant. \u00a0a good sweet and savory mix.dollop has a great space to enjoy a drink and danish or sandwich if you're looking for a place to linger and study or work. \u00a0a little hipster, a little pretentious feel to it at first, but the baristas are actually really friendly, welcoming and inviting. \u00a0ask all your questions away and they will help to direct you to the right choice for your preferences without making you feel out of place!i have a love and hate relationship with this location. i love the food and drinks and service but i absolutely hate the clientele and how dirty the bathroom gets. i'm absolutely in love with their ham and cheese croissants and jam biscuits. i don't even care that i turn into the queen of crumbs while eating it. the berry iced tea is my go to drink here but i hear that the nutella mocha is amazing. there's a couple of outlets for the working bunch that frequents this place but they're kind of oddly placed. the four or so couch seats can't reach (only two to three seats in that area can reach the outlet that has room for seven devices to be plugged in.the people who are under the mistaken notion that they're in their own living room so they take their shoes off and place their feet on the couches and proceed to speak loudly- disgust me. this is still a place of business, one that serves food and drinks no less. nobody wants to see your gross feet on the couch near their food. i have no idea why people are complaining about the servers here. they aren't little rays of sunshine all the time but no one is after being hassled to make ridiculous drink concoctions for people who are equally no rays of sunshine. they've always been polite and delivered what i ordered. as long as they serve the berry iced tea i'll be back. it's delicious!refined, yet not pretentious. this was my first thought when i came into this coffee joint. the mexican mocha provides a touch of spice, but doesn't overwhelm. my friend ordered the nutella mocha and said the same, a hint of nutella, but not like you are drinking a cup of the stuff.love dollop! great neighborhood spot to grab coffee or a light bite. prepare for a line most weekend mornings, but always worth it. i would suggest the chai or a cappuccino- they make the prettiest coffee art here as well. get one of their pour overs if you need some serious caffeine- you will be awake for days!i love the modern vibe of this place from the music to the space. it's a great place to study or people watch. not a cosy coffee shop so if that's the vibe you want try somewhere else. really good iced chai, but was not impressed with their baked goods.a little disappointed from my most recent trip here. ordered a slice of pie which, when it was cut and served, was practically a small mound of mush... i would have at least hoped for a slightly larger mound of mush... but something more resembling a pie slice would have been preferred.i don't think i'll be coming back here for slices of pie - \u00a0but rather go straight to hoosier mama since i bet they treat their pies right!dollop made for a great location for a coffee date that i recently went on. \u00a0they have a sofa and a few armchairs that were perfect to relax in, drink coffee, and chat. \u00a0the coffee was bold and flavorful, i had some fun banter with the ladies working behind the counter, and the shop itself has a great overall design. \u00a0dollop is a very easy recommendation.i don't understand the rave reviews. it is a cute/modern atmosphere and i'd be down to meet a friend or study here (which is why i gave it two stars) but the two times i've been here i thought the coffee was below average. today i got a regular drip coffee and it tastes like it's been sitting for awhile and it's just not good. the other time i ordered a dirty chai latte and again was underwhelmed. i really wish this place was better since it's close to me. i'm not sure if i'll be back.awesome bagel sandwiches, coffee and service! \u00a0i am not based in chicago but had unfortunately left one of my favorite scarves. \u00a0however, the staff were incredibly friendly when i called back to see if it was still there. \u00a0they had my scarf and even shipped it back to me!stopped in here for some mid afternoon coffee. i just have to say how struck i was with how friendly the barista was. you won't find that at starbucks or dd. not much to say besides free wifi, great local college student scene, excellent capp. skip starbucks and stop in here instead. you won't be disappointed. they also had a nice selection of fresh brewed teas.i'm a big fan of intelligentsia and this is one of my favorite locations of theirs. tucked into a historical chicago building it has awesome old timely ambiance. that is until you go to order and are met with all the latest trends in artisan coffee. they certainly don't disappoint with their beverages. a beautifully crafted coffee, an oat milk chai, iced tea, and other treats. you can't go wrong.anytime i come to chicago, usually a stop to an intelligentsia happens. while it is one of the larger 3rd wave coffee chains, i still find they produce a great cup of coffee and are consistent. stopped here for a quick cup to go and was not disappointed. they have a two pour over options and only one brewed ahead of time. good variety of beans, ethiopian, el salvador, and a kenya.excellent coffee, good atmosphere. quality food.. what more does one want before they start the day:)will be back. thanks for great servicewas in chicago for a conference and went to intelligista in the mornings for a coffee and pastry (3 visits). \u00a0i've been to other outlets mainly in los angeles and intelligista is one of my favorite specialty coffee chains.my rating is based on the following: coffee: 4.5 starscoffee beans: 3.5 starsservice and atmosphere: 5 starsfood: 4 starsi tried the chocolate croissant as well as the ham and cheese pastry. of the two i would recommend the ham and cheese pastry. i am a black coffee drinker and had the pour over with what ever beans they were brewing on hand that day. \u00a0during that time period it was mainly beans from the south american region. i prefer african beans with more acidity and fruit flavor to the smooth and nuttiness of a columbian coffee. coffee as in other locations was good and the staff is friendly and helpful with recommendations. given i purchased beans both the peru and persephone blend. \u00a0can't really recommend these beans. they aren't bad per say but nothing special and was a bit disappointed when i started using these at home.great latte. they don't have the super comfortable furniture probably to keep folks from sitting there all day. it's clean and in a good part of town. i would definitely make it a meeting spot if i were more local.stopped by after coming in on the train, looking for some yummy coffee to warm me up. this place delivered! the art on my mocha was beautiful and the mocha tasted delicious! the taste is a perfect balance between chocolate and coffee!tldr: was great for a quick coffee._______waiting for breakfast a block away dropped in here for a coffee while i waitedi'm basic, so i always go with a vanilla latte. i actually forgot to add vanilla to it and they were kind enough to add it later and didn't up charge me. super cool of them. i think they make the vanilla in house - it was a super good and well done latte.nice wooden shelves (bar) with wooden stools. cool decor. they had really cool art . the posters were like a maze where you have a start and finish and also snapshots of famous sites around town.i think the staff are really nice and knowledgeable. that brought me from a 3 star to 4 star experience. i had the la tortuga, which was smooth and not too acidic. almost a hint of chocolate taste? i could be totally wrong, but it's what i personally taste. was it phenomenal? not really... would i come back? maybe if i was in the area and needed a casual coffee fix. it's a chic place with a nice ambiance.we came here because we had time to burn before halal guys opened for lunch a couple blocks away and i'm glad we picked up coffee at intelligentsia. my vanilla latte was perfect--no complaints. baristas here know their stuff! the interior is also really cool--a lot of people chilling here with laptops or reading books. only downside is that it's expensive! but...it is truly well-executed coffee..very good coffee but the barista take his job very seriously leading to long waits for your drinkthis matcha latte was $8 (& some change) :( yes i get it, it was probably good quality matcha and they encouraged me to try it with oat milk but i just cannot justify $8 for a small portion of matcha. i would prefer an extra large steaming hot cup that i can sip on for an extended period of time, not this shooter glass. also because of this price i was discouraged to get a pastry and to be completely honest i walked straight into dunkin' next door after this and got my usual wake up wrap and iced coffee because i felt so unfulfilled. got a good insta story tho!got the cold brew. it was good, but not great.i am nitpicky with my cold brew. for me, it needs to be smooth without much acidity while having nutty caramel notes.the acidity of the cold brew left an unsatisfying aftertaste in my mouth. \u00a0the coffee just needed some more milk before i could enjoy it. if cold brew require's milk to ease the acid, then cold brew is not the best imo.consistently great coffee at all intelligentsia coffee cafe!rich, intense, aromatic and smooth flat white. just the right balance of milk and coffee. their barristers never failed to make my day with their coffees! beautiful in execution, balance and presentation.great place to get a coffee and snacks. i was super curious about the name. i had a butter croissant, havana cold brew and chai mata latte. i loved taking a little break from exploring the city. the coffee was good and was much needed. stop by if you see one :)i was visiting chicago for work and decided to try this place out on saturday morning. i heard they have a geisha coffee, which is rare to find, so i walked the two miles from my hotel to try it out, only for the barista to tell his manager that he doesn't feel like making it. \u00a0there was no explanation as to why he didn't want to do it, and there wasn't a line, as i know that pour overs can be a time consuming process. they fumbled to make an alternative suggestion, but i simply left in frustration. \u00a0plus one star for the unsuccessful attempt.i got the tea which tasted great but over all there weren't many options and it seemed a bit over priced. it's cute, but it's not much.if you are looking for good coffee but willing to pay a pretty penny for it, come here. the menu offers your staples and some more adventurous drinks. the only milk alternative available is oat milk, first i was scared but actually was pleasantly surprised. there's an assortment of treats and pastries that taste as good as they look. overall this place feels as smart as the name makes it sound.i absolutely love their limelight! it is a seasonal drink, but boy does it have a nice tangy kick to it! never knew coffee and lemon could be a great combination. the cafe is small and inviting. noticeably great for work/studying as it was quiet and had several tables. will be back for my limelight when i'm in the area!i think intellegentsia is the best coffee in the world. the spaces are always so cool and the baristas are beyond knowledgeable. this location is no different! the cool vibe inside matched the baristas. it may seem a little expensive but in my opinion its totally worth it. once you try the vanilla latte, it'll be hard to go elsewhere....i was so impressed with this coffee joint. my friend and i came here while waiting to be seated for brunch close by, and i wanted a coffee. there was a fairly long line when we got in, and the store itself isn't too big so there's not much moving room. my usual order is a vanilla soy latte, but the cashier recommended me oat milk so i decided to try that instead. their coffee is so good. i could definitely tell the difference in quality and the vanilla added the right amount of sweetness. my friend got a hot tea which came in a mini pot and a bowl to pour it in. it was so cute!the only negative thing was that my coffee came out to $6 which is quite steep, but i didn't mind too much since i was on vacation. i don't know about spending that much on coffee on a regular basis though.solid coffee shop with a cool vibe. open space with room for studying or reading--it probably seats around 25 people. outside seating is available. overall good experience. the coffee itself was pretty good--they roast their own beans which is always a plus, considering they have control over their flavors. the only reason i gave it four stars is because i've had better coffee from other roasteries. with that being said, if you're just looking for a good cup of coffee, this will be a good experience.it has become tradition for me to visit an independent coffee shop in any city i travel to. i'm a big fan of chemex/pour-over coffee, and i absolutely love third-wave coffee roasters and independent coffeeshops. i've had all the \"big three of third wave coffee\" coffees - stumptown, intelligentsia, and counter culture - but this was my first time visiting a standalone intelligentsia coffee shop.this intelligentsia was only a mere block from millennium park, so it was very conveniently located. i like the industrial feel which didn't diminish the coziness of the shop. there's a large coffee bar, behind which the baristas work their magic. there's a handful of seats available, but it can definitely fill up quick. if you are a fan of chemex, v60, siphon, and cafe solo, you will be satisfied with intelligentsia's offerings. they also have espresso, cold brew iced coffee, chai, loose leaf tea, iced tea, matcha latte, and hot chocolate. i had their chemex and their matcha latte, and both were fantastic. the baristas take great care in crafting the perfect cup for you. i like that for chemex, they'll give you a cup of the brewed coffee and an additional decanter of extra coffee on a wooden tray. free wifi too!ordered a mocha \"for here\" and it came in a great big cup, had some fun latte art, and was just the right amount of chocolate and coffee. since visiting chicago, my palate has definitely changed and i am not in desperate need for there to be a sweet component to my coffee anymore. with that said, the bittersweet of this mocha hit the spot, and anyone who may want to hit that chocolate and coffee fix in one go, this is the way to do it.the coffee shop has bar seating as well as lower sitting tables to meet a variety of needs, whether you just need a place to stand or if you're wanting to spend the afternoon there.i was in need of a good cup of coffee. i knew intelligentsia was the place i wanted to go. quiet little place. only a few people with their laptops out.. a few tables of friends catching up.. ya know like how grabbing coffee used to be. countertop areas for the solo coffee connoisseur.. light pastries to accompany your coffee or tea.. brightly lit. as for the explanation of the type of coffee used in my latte... it didn't happen.. only reason for the 4 star review.intelligentsia! i've finally made it! i first heard about intelligentsia while watching the documentary \"barista\". i immediately knew that this was one of *the* places to go if you want legit coffee from legit baristas (i'm sorry starbucks, i promise i'll return to basic once i get back home!). the black cat cappuccino was absolutely divine! perfect ratio of espresso, milk, and foam and beautiful presentation. i also tried just the black cat espresso and it was smoooooth! this location is a short walk from millennium park and the baristas were very professional and friendly. seating is limited and the place can get pretty packed during peak hours, but don't let that deter you from trying chicago's best coffee!this place is the worst. one of their employees is pissed off all the time, refuses to make eye contact or be pleasant, and literally scowls at patrons. how does someone like this remain employed? additionally, everything takes forever and a day. and the drinks are gross. the cream is subpar, the coffee itself is bitter and reddish colored, and their specialty drinks are even worse. my iced mocha had clumps of chocolate in it. wtf? avoid this place at all costs.had a chai latte, which was perfectly balanced. delicious foam. savory scone was nice and tasty.the oat latte is what people search for their entire lives. it's a latte so perfectly crafted it deserves to be in sears. get it? craftsman? no. okay. but seriously, try it iced. it's just so yum.i honestly can say that the customer service is awesome and the meals are great.my buddy tried black cat cappuccino and i purchased mocha latte which i find very good. i had a little sip of what he purchased and think it is average.had a good time! i likely will return.my latte was pretty good. the latte art is always a nice bonus. i wish they had almond milk as a milk substitute.a couple of coworkers brought me by intelligentsia recently and i really enjoyed myself. the highest marks belong to the ambiance and just overall style and class of the venue. otherwise, i have never really been a fan of the coffee at intelligentsia, it just has some weird, put-off kind of taste to me; hard to explain.otherwise, i would come back in hopes to find a tea i could enjoy in the cool, modern space that is inteliigentsia. a definite plus is that the staff members are really nice and helpful.intelligentsia is a really nice cosy place in loop. highly professional staff and great coffee quality. i ordered the almond cappuccino made from kunga maitu, kenya beans. it has the typical berry/black current flavor of kenya beans. overall profile is very well balanced and smooth. it smells woody and nutty with a consistent beauty-berry-sour taste. the finish is bitter and neat.enjoyed the visit. will try out the new york location too. congrats intelligentsia on making the 20 year anniversary! may the goodness continue for another 20 years!why does this place exist is my question. the prices are outrageous.the staff is very rude. this place really could use diversity training.in my opinion, any coffee shop beats this place. \u00a0what does it cost to have some customer service and a smile? they remodeled the store but not the attitudes of the staff. re do everything not just one thing.affordable high quality. \u00a0love and loyal to intelligentsia since lakeview and day 1 of this location.menu -- i love options! \u00a0sophisticated than ever. \u00a0quality beans. \u00a0generous standardized art latte. \u00a0macchiato automatically came with lightly fizzy water. \u00a0the angeleno with 4 shots of espresso for $5.5 is an excellent value. \u00a0you can have 2.5 shots for half the price. \u00a0how hard does your heart palpitate? \u00a0*wink*venue -- plenty of comfortable seating that easily gets crowded. \u00a02 unisex bathrooms. \u00a0due to limited space, this cafe is not meant for hours-and-hours of lounging.unknown to me, i walked in one minute before the registers closed down for the night. \u00a0whoops. \u00a0i was in chicago for a conference and stopped here because it was on my list of coffee places to visit. \u00a0when i got to the register the barista said there was one minute left before it would close. \u00a0i really wanted a coffee and they looked as if they were just finishing cleaning up their equipment. \u00a0the manager saved the day by offering me a free drip coffee, which was brewed only 20 minutes prior, and we were all happy :)they made me an excellent flat white, despite it not being a menu item :) \u00a0 bit of a wait but the place was pretty busy. \u00a0found a seat ok and jumped on the wifi to do a little work before grabbing another flat white to go. \u00a0nice ambience and friendly staff with the hipster vibe$4.46 for a medium cup of coffee? lol!!!why on earth would anyone return? is the coffee that great? nope.visiting from out of state and we happened to walk by. stopped in for a coffee and chai (really good). cool place, great quality.the pour overs and espresso need no additional reviews - all has been said about how delicious they are - i had an oatmilk cappuccino. i must add that the rooibos tea was a surprisingly fantastic selection on a rainy, dreary evening. if you are looking for a non-caffeinated option, order the rooibos. enjoy!awesome coffee. \u00a0had a soy latte. \u00a0so smooth, so strong. \u00a0so delicious. \u00a0the croissants with almond are quite delicious, too. \u00a0well worth the price/the trek if you aren't nearby. \u00a0just stock up on their bags of coffee!matcha latte almost makes me cry! as a big fan of the real coffee and tea, i was fed up with the starbucks style super sweet something. and here i am! love it, love it, love it! takes me back to kyoto!it was a really bad experience! i don't recommend drinking espresso coffee, the test was the worse that i never had before! besides it is really expensive, more than 5 dollars! the service was crazy, i waited for more than 15 min for just one coffee! guys, maybe if you chose another drink you will have different experience! good luck! but my husband and i won't return here!this intelligentsia location is by the entrance of manadnock building on the corner of jackson and dearborn. \u00a0for those who work at the downtown loop area, this shouldn't be too difficult to find. \u00a0however, if you're new or visiting chicago, \"dearborn\" is a north-south running road, roughly speaking in between \"state\" and \"michigan,\" the commercial, touristy street names that most of us are familiar with. \u00a0i happened to be in the area this afternoon and wanted to grab a cup of latte to-go before hopping on the blue line train for work. \u00a0this place seemed to have enough baristas on duty since people working in the office buildings should be tempting enough to load up some coffee in their useable cups or thermals. \u00a0i should bring mine as well to reduce the amount of paper cups we humans use daily. \u00a0obviously the prices on the menu already had tax included. \u00a0it doesn't necessarily make it easy for me since the \"numbers\" is really rosa j.'s middle name. \u00a0surely some of us like to see some integers and view any zero to nine on the right side of decimal as enemies! \u00a0i'm not sure if this is a good sit-down coffeeshop, for the business primarily caters to the downtown working professionals. \u00a0leaving the place with a quality cup of coffee to-go then heading to your final destination is always a choice!loved studying here during my visit to chicago! the coffee was really rich which took me a little bit to get used to, but in the sense that i was usually used to starbucks drinks. i got the vanilla latte which wasn't too sweet and was great for the cold day when i visited. the wifi was fast-- but it can slow down when it gets crowded. i got a seat the booth, but you should try to visit early as it gets crowded really fast.as far as top notch coffee goes, this place when's the award. they were along small farmers and growers to produce exclusive coffee for their stores, which are located in chicago, l.a., and n.y. c.. the coffee may only be available for limited times, because they work seasonally with growers to ensure the best quality and fair trade agreements.the coffee is brewed so every note and flavor comes through. \u00a0if you're drinking good coffee, sugar shouldn't be necessary because of the fruity, sweet flavors of the bean or cherry coming through to the end of the process.the atmosphere at this cafe is relaxed and friendly. the baristas and roasters do a wonderful job explaining the brand and assisting with questions.it took me four years of college until i finally got to intelligentsia. to be honest i didn't want to go. i always pictured intelligentsia as snobby because i know of a couple places in indy that serve it and i thought \"hey now, why not serve an indy roaster you uppity poots\"maybe these folks in indy just know good coffee because this was good coffee. the cold brew was so smooth that it could have played a mean saxophone solo. the loose leaf tea came in an awesome cup that warmed your hands and your heart. there was ample seating, good lighting, and opportunity to instagram (follow djeccles for my adventures) with popular pays for a free coffee. i wish i would have gotten over my intelligentsia fears and had this earlier. don't make the same mistakes i did my friend.a cozy coffee shop near the bean/michigan ave.i came in just to get a coffee in the morning. however, their foods look awesome! they have a great selection of pastries and drinks.love the place, and the people!i am pretty sure i will come back!i love intelligentsia coffee, so i was very excited to visit their cafes on my recent chicago trip. this location is a real looker, with marbled counters and tiled floors, and its street side location in the historic monadnock building. the baristas are as dapper as can be with their bowties and newsie's caps. necessary? no, but it's an aesthetically pleasing touch to this already classy place.we lingered a bit to get charged up for a long visit to the art institute, and enjoyed the buzz of the place. the paris bombings had happened a day or two before, and there was a community feeling with people getting together, discussing current events in french and english, and surprisingly not a lot of people tippy tapping on their computers or tablets. can't go wrong with any of their drinks. i had a classic chai, which was a warm treat on a windy day. i almost filled my suitcase with bags of beans, but bought just one, their ethiopian yirgacheffe, whose light and floral notes make me happy. would i have to choose just one intelligentsia location to patronize, this would be it. so much to enjoy just steps away, but a caffeinated oasis and shelter from the wind inside.i love everything about this place except its location...need to pick this up and move it along the route of my regular commute. \u00a0great art deco lighting, white marble tables, and the baristas here are artists. \u00a0i have yet to come across a better cappuccino in chicago. \u00a0this place makes me long to be called again for jury duty...a delightful cup of joe and a cool place to hang out. i wish i discovered this place on day 1 of my trip to chicago.great fast coffee with an atmosphere that is welcoming to linger in. i'll often get my coffee and brioche (great brioche) and change my mind about running back out the door into craziness.the patrons are lawyers and students so people watching isn't as much fun (because of the liability of being caught) but it's still a safe fun crowd of the priveleged who gather to self-caffeinate.i come here because it's close to the federal detention center (mcc) where i volunteer.delicious coffee in an amazing area! no better place to start your day than here! cafe pastries are offered here along with their drink options for a great light meal.my boyfriend and i ordered the 20th century blend and the vanilla latte. the blend coffee was very robust and strong. the vanilla latte was incredibly creamy, smooth, and had the perfect amount of sweetness! both were really really delicious! the space itself had a lot of standing space but the seating and tables were full. this is a great place to grab and go coffee but i would have loved to have sit down and enjoyed my drink. being in downtown chicago, this is to be expected, but walking around was no problem at all!shining example of the coffee-as-theatre flagship. gorgeous, with carefully composed drinks. the best coffee experience i had in 4 days in chicago.why is so difficult to find a decent espresso in this city? :( \u00a0i've tried intelligentsia at a few different locations and this one was no exception. their espresso is everything it's not supposed to be - some times bitter and other times sour. i don't know if the issue is with over-extraction or the temp, but i'm not dying to go back. also tried a cheese scone, which was underwhelming.this coffee shop is amazing! i tried their cold brew iced coffee with oat milk and i never want to drink any other coffee after tasting this! it's a small upscale shop. but beware they are not open on sundays. i will definitely be back!i love visiting here everytime i'm in chicago. fantastic experience every, single time! pour overs are always with the wait! some locations evening feature artisanal chocolates. be sure to grab a bag of black cat espresso to go and try the candies :-)good place to come for coffee. it has a mix of seating.. counter space, a couple of small tables and a larger community table. the coffee bar is large. takes up most of the store. they had 6 people working there, which seems like a lot for a coffee place, but it was super busy there, popular; they actually needed the volume of staff.i got a latte. i asked it for it skim, they only had 2% milk. it was creamy, subtle earth flavor. the espresso almost had no flavor. you can taste the milk and feel the caffeine but the espresso is super soft to taste. i also got a tea cake. it was like a pumpkin muffin with sugar crust and toasted pepitas on top. the difference between the tea cake and a pumpkin muffin was its softness. it was more fluffy than a muffin.. almost like a pumpkin flavored angel food. delicious. paired lovely with the coffee.i'm a west-coast coffee snob and need great espresso when i'm on the road. my day is rough until i get great coffee. thanks to this cafe intelligentsia, all my chicago days are wonderful. the staff is professional, chipper, great-looking, and fun. the coffee is real, delicious, and effective. the atmosphere is fabulous. clean and upscale, the patrons are mostly hip, high-performing looking people that range from business to artist to student. i love it here!my go-to coffeeshop in this part of the loop. partly because there's not many other options. although there's usually a 2-5 person line around 10a most days, it moves quickly enough.it's a warm refuge on those windy winter days when you need to get out the office because your manager is micro-managing you. or the office coffee still tastes like metal.black cat classic latte $4 (dark chocolate and ripe cherry). good coffee at the perfect warm temperature that doesn't burn your mouth. adorable latte art. super hipster. i usually come here when i'm waiting to eat at wildberry. it's a good way to kill some time.stopped here on a recent trip and ordered a black coffee. \u00a0the staff was friendly and the coffee was delicious. \u00a0it has a little something extra to it. \u00a0i would definitely go back!i have traveled a lot, and i have to say this is probably one of the best coffee spots i've visited in chicago. try the unique #chemex.with success comes popularity, so be prepared to wait.surprisingly affordable prices for a hip place like this in downtown. i had a cappuccino that was well prepared, in a nice mug that went down smooth. \u00a0a pleasant break from the monotony of starbucks. well donei finally had an opportunity to try intelligentsia coffee at their place of origin - chicago. this is one of the six chicago locations (as of october 2015) and it is also conveniently located right next to the millennium park. i've visited intelligentsia coffee once before (in pasadena, ca) and their black cat organic latte was really good; however, i wanted to try something else and i decided to stick with the only available cold coffee drink on the menu - cold brewed coffee.***cold brewed iced coffee + almond croissant: cold brewed iced coffee tasted slightly acidic (sour), but it wasn't overwhelming enough to interfere with the overall flavors. almond croissant tasted pretty good, but nothing too spectacular.***hey intelligentsia coffee is chicago's signature coffee shop, so you should definitely give it a try. p.s. - intelligentsia also offers public roasting works tours once a month for $30 per person ().intelligenista is the perfect place for a splendid cup of coffee for your morning. having a lively and hippy atmosphere, this coffee shop is designed to make you feel relaxed but at the same time, productive. their latte art is extremely on point - delicate and clean. the latte itself is foamy, creamy and has just the right amount of sweetness enhancement. what we found behind each cup of coffee is the coffee bean served here has been roasted locally. that is the most important thing which gives the taste of intelligenista's coffee strong, fresh, robust yet extremely fragrant. the unique flavor remains in every sip, which is impressive. when you walk in here, you're in for a treat. they also have a small variation of pastry in case you crave something simple for breakfast.recommended : mocha cappuccino, almond croissants, vanilla lattefor more, visit us at:i know that intelligentsia coffee isn't exclusive to chicago, but i like to think it is since it originated there. \u00a0whenever i visit chicago, i try to grab a cup of coffee from here. \u00a0the coffee is strong but quality. \u00a0also, the coffee shop is nearby many attractions like millennium park, the bean, and the chicago art museum. \u00a0try their iced coffees and lattes if you can, they're very strong and tasty. \u00a0it'll go straight to your brain!overall: great coffee spot in chicagocame here while on a business trip for a conference at the mccormick. after trying a sample i ordered the cold brew carbonated turmeric tonic. it was refreshing and settled down my traveler's belly. the staff even moved a table for me so i could recharge my cell phone.i almost feel like i wasted my order here since i only got a plain ole drip coffee and an oatmeal chocolate chip walnut cookie. but, no regrets! it was an amazing cup (actually more, since they serve it you in a mug + a tiny pitcher on a tray) of coffee with a mellow flavor. the cookie was moist and full of chocolate chips. which is the only way i like my oatmeal cookies. i spent some time inside catching up on work, and it was constantly buzzing with activity, even up until an hour of closing. if i lived in this city, i would definitely come back and try everything on the menu!very clean. decent coffee. i had the almond croissant and it's by far the best almond croissant i've ever had. even if you don't like coffee, come for a pastry.i never expect to find good coffee in chicago, to be honest. chicago is never known for its coffee as compared to seattle, portland or san francisco but intelligentsia coffee was pretty impressive. i came here for 2 consecutive mornings for breakfast since it's less than 50 meters from my airbnb apartment on east washington street. had latte on the first morning and soy chai latte the second day. both were smooth and not acidic at all. what makes intelligentsia coffee shines is their pastry from floriole bakery. i tried a couple and chocolate almond croissant was my favorite. the pain au chocolate and butter croissant were good too. besides coffee, they have an impressive list of teas available and wished i have more days in the city to try them. sparkling tea on tap. how cool is that? the space is beautiful and very hipster. the baristas do dressed up in suit with tie or bow. don't get too intimidated with their dressing, they are all very friendly and could recommend some blend if you're not familiar or first timer to their coffee. morning crowd consist of office workers as well as those who came back after a good workout in the city. if you're cycling, just drag your bicycle in with you!i really wish i liked this place better. \u00a0 intelligentsia is chicago's foremost coffee roaster, and their beans always smell amazing. \u00a0 i don't think there's anywhere else in town that takes coffee brewing more seriously.good: \u00a0 always imaginative and sophisticated coffee to choose from. \u00a0 nice to have the option to get pour-over. \u00a0 i don't think i know anywhere else that does that. \u00a0 good service. \u00a0 nice cafe atmosphere. \u00a0 great place to meet co-workers or clients. \u00a0 i'm in here every now and then for that reason alone.meh: \u00a0i may be alone on this, but i don't find the beans to be sufficiently roasted, and this impacts the quality of the eventual pour. \u00a0 could just be a matter of taste.also, the price -- my goodness. \u00a0 $22 for a bag of coffee (and $5 for a cup, with tip) is just too danged much, thank you. \u00a0 i make a comfortable living, and this still feels like an indulgence. \u00a0 i am left feeling like i don't get enough for my money, in spite of everything.probably the best coffee i had in chicago! i love the clean upscale vibes that were given off by the high tables, bar seating, and the baristas all dressed in vests and ties. very cute & definitely left an impression.their espresso was rich but not overpowering, and the lattes were beautiful & smooth.apparently, there are several intelligentsia's in chicago, and other places use their beans as well, so if you're in town i recommend checking it out.this place is located a few minutes away from millennium park. it's a small coffee shop located in a busy area. i ordered an iced soy latte and it was strong. caffeine was necessary that day, so much appreciated. i think the drinks are around $4-6?if you need a quick caffeine fix while visiting the famous bean, stop here for coffee!can you ever go wrong here? all of the coffee and kilogram tea choices are the right choice. they have a very tasty chai tea latte. at times the line is quite long but, depending on what you get, it goes pretty fast. there is a large variety of fresh coffee beans (and when i mean fresh i mean a day or 2 old). we also got $3 off of our drink for each bag of beans we bought. if you're lucky they will also have a discounted roast available. \u00a0they do have some pastries available.they make good coffee. i just wish their specials of the day didn't cost so much a cup. $6 cup of brewed coffee, ouch.*note* they apparently give you more coffee if you sit in and drink! coming back for sure then!small store, busy location. but staff was nice and the coffee came quickly so what's to complain about? also even though it's a city coffee shop (hence small size) and not a lot of sitting room, there's a lot more space in the front of the store (waiting area), which helps it feel more open/not as claustrophobic.arrived here on a saturday at 11am before heading to see the bean. let me tell you, there was a line already. there is always a wait it seems. i ordered the the angelino. it's a cold iced drink. it was a good coffee. i would've preferred a caramel frap from starbucks though. i hear there's a version of this in los angeles too!probably won't be back. i didn't experience anything that wowed me. ps. you need a key from the person behind the register to use the restrooms!this location is close to millenium park so you can get all of your chicago must dos in one swoop. intelligentsia is one of chicago's best known roasters, so if you are a coffee person, you should definitely check it out. coffee here certainly wont be $1-2 as most are about $4-6 so if you are not willing to pay more for higher quality coffee, this is not the place for you. most recently i got the cold brew and my friend got an iced matcha...both refreshing...though the matcha was extra light so some simple syrup was needed.- i'm working my way down a list of top coffee places to try. \u00a0there is a reason why intelligentsia has been ranked so high year after year. \u00a0the coffee is amazing. \u00a0we ordered two different coffee varieties because we wanted to taste the difference between the two. \u00a0both were smooth but different in flavor. \u00a0the coffee i ordered had a slight sweetness. \u00a0the other coffee had a more bold and earthy taste. \u00a0i then decided that wasn't enough caffeine so i ordered a latte which was beautifully made. \u00a0the baristas are extremely knowledgeable, friendly and passionate about coffee. \u00a0my only complaint is the location seating fills up quickly.i had a terrific americano. but it was served in a paper cup :(. everyone else had mugs... \u00a0in summary, this is not a welcoming place. it is pretentious. any coffee shop in oregon has better coffee. \u00a0and it \u00a0won't \u00a0make you feel the need to schedule a therapy appointment to repair your self esteem after you visit.when i first walked into intelligentsia, one of the baristas was telling a patron that the coffee he was about to drink came from a species of bean that was new to the west. there was a pause... and then a \"wow that was really unique.\" the conversation then shifted to genetics and how this is impacting the taste of coffee.this is the level nerdy science that permeates out of intelligentsia. and, simply ordering a gluten free muffin and latte involved a wealth of information. these people are super super super friendly and extroverted. i'm not sure where the owner finds these science-loving/coffee/chatty geeks... but i want to hire them.the coffee was fantastic. i'd expect nothing less from people to live, breathe, and think in coffee. beware... the lineups can be long.really liked the coffee flavor. hip but vintage kind of atmosphere and spent an afternoon working here. clean, bright, and bustling with people. high recommend for a study spot or place to catch up with friends.nice place, but alway crowded with lots of white collars. nice a choice if u just need to find a place to sit down and read. nice coffee !normally i get coffee, but today i decided on chai tea. i'm trying to cut back on the sugar so i requested less sweetness; however, it's already mixed with the chai. i decided to bite the bullet and opt for less chai syrup. to my surprise, it was as flavorful, spicy, and bold as i had expected. it was a refreshing break on a hot day.in other news, this location is large with plenty of seating. the line moves quickly and so do the drinks.ordered a black tea and after a little while was handed a drink with the barista prattling off whatever fancy name it was. i turned around and looked at it, turned out it was a coffee so i set it back down and said i ordered a tea. a moment later a flustered businessman walks over and sees i was given his coffee by mistake. he gets fussy, clearly upset somebody touched his wake-up juice. i say \"it's fine, i just picked it up\" and he muttered some bad language, i replied \"seriously? it's fine, i didn't drink it\" and he goes off mumbling and swearing \"are you kidding me?\", \"prick\", etc. the barista profusely apologizes, offers the man a free coffee noting he comes in every day, a drink token and more apologies. the guy takes another coffee and storms off. i muse to the barista that people can sure be cranky before their coffee and he just says \"well, you know...\" in a way that says \"i hope the big businessman returns again tomorrow\". okay, great. so i come in once in a blue moon and get cussed out by an entitled suit, get no apology or acknowledgement. but mr. daily customer gets coddled because somebody else touched his big boy dwink. pathetic. i'll just get my coffee at dollop or starbucks or whatever from now on.really trendy coffee shop. basically the starbucks of chicago but much better. prices are high but they are more worth it than starbucks. the chai lattes are fantastic, but i would also highly recommend the angelino.i want to apologize to any yelpers that read my prior review. \u00a0it was posted to the wrong location. \u00a0intelligentsia is a wonderful tea connoisseur - it got me through much of law school.really enjoyed the pour overs i had here. lattes looked amazing also. nice location and good service.do yourself a favor and stop drinking starbucks and start drinking this/local coffee once in a while. intelligentsia is a treat, help yourself to it. the west coast has blue bottle and the midwest has intelligentsia. the coffee is always flavorful and so well made with the integrity coffee and the coffee farmers deserve. the staff take their coffee seriously and while they turn over a lot of drinks throughout the day, each drink is tentatively made. they're not so bored of making coffee that they need to purposefully mess up your name to entertain themselves. every barista makes a proper and flavorful drink every time. this place does get busy but if you're there when the crowd is small, it's a very relaxing place. if you sit at the counter, the baristas pouring drip coffee are always happy to share a conversation. get over the \"hipster vibe\", they make damn good coffee.-order with a smilethe vanilla latte is delicious! and the latte art was done really well.. typically, i'm not a latte drinker but was slightly pressured into it from the other yelp reviews :p glad i got it! not too sweet, just the right balance. i did also try a kenyan blend coffee.. not sure how i felt about it. i do typically drink/prefer south american coffee, so it's probably just a personal preference. wanted to try something different is all! the ambience is very \"hipster\", which i personally liked. it's also great location (right off of millenium park), and i actually stopped by during my wait for wildberry pancakes up the street :)great ambiance, and delicious coffee. the mocha was smooth and rich with just the perfect balance of coffee and chocolate. will be back to try other drinks and the chocolate croissant (which they were sold out of the last time i came).very great coffee and cake, it is definitely worth your money and it was packed. we sat bar table which was also nice.their icon reminds me of a flight attendant's badge.their drip coffee is as smooth as you can get! \u00a0ordered up their kenya coffee and it was surely swell. \u00a0their oolong tea was aye okay. \u00a0didn't care for it.it's a pleasant coffee and tea shop, but more for their coffee!if you haven't been, i recommend for anyone looking for a premium coffee shop. is it expensive? sure. but at least the coffee is worth it. i had the karyenda burundi via the chemex. it was great. just the right amount of acidity and citrusy notes. i also recommend some of the other varieties they have. they usually do a great job. the shop itself is pretty cool. the whole industrial look with a decent amount of seating for a small shop. the other draw was also the bakery. i had a buckwheat scone with fruit preserves and it just sweet enough but filling. good stuffmy only complaint is the price. i know it's all about convenience i get that. they make it for you, but i can do a chemex too. it isn't very hard and getting premium beans is easier than ever. i even do my own roasting so a cup of premo coffee that is over $5 bucks just isn't worth it, frequently. i still think they will do fine but if you look at a simple v60 or chemex and go online for good beans, you can do it on the cheap and get almost as good coffee. if that is too much work, then these guys are definitely your answer!yes!!! intelligent coffee and tea. \u00a0they carry organic coffee and tea selection. i had the organic sencha following their recommendation. so yummy and delicious. \u00a0 kilogram tea is the brand that they carry. never heard of it but i am quite impressed with the quality. \u00a0they even carry proper clay japanese tea pots. \u00a0i was super close in buying the cute little pot except i thought it would be too delicate to travel. \u00a0they have so many useful accessories showcased and very useful looking. \u00a0i must say that my partner also enjoyed his latte and was very happy with the rich and bold flavour. \u00a0the servers are happy and passionate and inasmuch as there is a hipster vibe, in the end i think everyone just loves the beverages and seriously enjoy their drinks. \u00a0i am glad i tried it and the good thing is that manic coffee apparently carries their coffee so i know we have a bit of it's magic here in to.as i mentioned in my check- in, no trip to chicago would be complete without a stop at intelligentsia. the chicago coffee scene is akin to this coffee chain, you can tell just from the widespread availability of this particular coffee brand.my initial plan was to visit the original location, but i was a ways away, so i chose to stop by this location since i was in the immediate area. luckily, it was a good location and the store set up was awesome.the neon light wall creates a vibrance that adds spunk to an already bustling store. i also like the fact that they have a counter top right by the espresso bar, allowing you to watch the baristas while at work. i dropped in for an espresso paired with a decadent brownie from their pastry counter, and that was the perfect pairing. the chocolatey flavor went well with the robust espresso finish. intelligentsia was the perfect coffee finish to an already great chicago trip. the staff was friendly and worked fast, and this particular location is placed amongst some of the best attractions in downtown chicago.dis place be dank.we have them in la, but i've never gone. apparently chicago came first.i ordered an americano ($2.75) and it was just fine.why i'm giving this place a 5-star review is because i sat at the bar and chatted it up with the barista, yes, i was probably distracting and annoying, but he was chill about it. i learned a tonnnnn about cofffeee and would def kick it here again.my favorite coffee places in chicago - i visit there every single time i'm in chicago. why? good location - by the bean ;) or inside the museum. and also delicious coffee!it is pretty busy almost all the times i've visited, but the turnover rate is also pretty good. i usually don't wait for more than 10 minutes to get seats for two. at some point, there was also student discount! show your student card! remember to try - angelo (4 espresso shots) in a sweet ice coffee; coffee flight (somehow not as acidic as general pours); single-origin espresso shots (my honey's fave). be patient, but if your drink doesn't show up in 10 minutes, ask them about your order. if they forgot, they are truly apologetic and give you your next drink free! thank you for super charging my visits to chicago! love your coffee!bleh - i'm a big intelligentsia fan and am a usual proponent of their coffee beans. typically my best pour overs in the city come from here, but during my last visit i was disappointed. it was probably because of the holiday rush. it was during the last 2 weeks of december, the cafe was busy, and there was a barista making multiple pourovers at once - which mine didn't turn out to be all that great and a bit watered down. pastries were $4 just for a chocolate croissant, and i ended up forking over $10+ including tip for the whole thing. i was a little disappointed.another barista salvaged the experience when i asked for a to go cup, which she gave and topped off my remaining coffee with additional of the same kind. i was appreciate of that. i'll be back, but just a little less excited the next time around.dear intelligentsia coffee,i've been drinking your coffee for almost 2 decades and black cat classic has long been the standard by which i compare other espresso blends. this particular intelligentsia was for many years my favorite of all your coffeebars. i went with the flow when you stopped steaming milk for iced lattes b/c of california health code (btw. i'd even sign a waiver for the extra botulism risk. it's a texture thing) and when you changed your chocolate provider from valrhona to tcho to askinosie. i've accepted those changes and even admire others you've made over the years save one: your baristas at this coffee bar have no longer been as consistently anal retentive, and frankly, it's breaking my heart. please bring back the caliber of obsessive baristas that have captured my devoted drinking attention and $$$$ all these years! or, if it's the stress of the huge line that is making the baristas cut corners, can you please add meditation or yoga to bring back the coffee zen? my last few visits here my drinks have tasted like starschmucks. (and no i won't ask for a redo when the line is 15 people deep and the same stressed barista is making the drinks and my friend's drink sucks too. just make it all better. i beg you).yours truly,alma c., forever lover of black cat classic and of all baristas that render it nectar of the gods (as it's meant to be).ps i still get your awesome beans to go for home brew. great job on the new fancy bags.service was quick at this downtown location, especially for the amount of people ordering, waiting and otherwise hanging about the place.i ordered an espresso and my father ordered a cafe mocha. both came out quickly and we took our seats at the counter. he enjoyed his cafe mocha, but i found the espresso to be flavorless. more of a caffeine shot than anything else. i like the black cat project espresso blend intelligentsia carries, but for whatever reason my drink on this particular day didn't live up to the reputation intelligentsia carries.excellent coffee, nonexistent customer service. have been calling and emailing them for 5 days about a plate that arrived broken and about adding on an extra bag of coffee to my orer. coffee arrived before i was able to reach them. no response no answer the phone about broken plate. theres many great options for fresh roasted coffee online, and when you are buying a premium product- customer service counts!ah. how much i love coffee but only when it's really done right. this place was all over chicago, so naturally i had to try it out. upon entering it definitely has a snobby hipster vibe. no poor folk walking in this place. my friends and i came in on a busy friday, especially with this location. right in downtown near millennium park. the location itself is good, right by buses. metro and easy walking distance to michigan avenue. when you walk in the staff barley looks your way or acknowledges you. they are wearing ties? and vests? and half suits? like seriously, who needs to wear these things to make excellent coffee? i would rather a person who dresses normal who makes me awesome things. i'm not a fancy person by any means but i was a bit thrown off by that.as far as the coffee shop thing goes i was disappointed that as a 'real coffee bar' they did not have skim, fat free or 1 percent milk options. i was told they only had 2 percent or whole milk. i am lactose intolerant so to me this was ridiculous. especially to a place that is pretty much ruling the market in chicago. wake up! even starbucks has nonfat milk intelligentista...the beans themselves were quite good, and i suffered with a 2 percent latte just to try it. i was not disappointed by the quality of the coffee at all. their quality is probably closer to an a then a b, and if i could have it with skim milk it would probably be awesome. sadly they did not have that option for me. as for returning to this particular coffee shop, i wouldn't. i would probably hit up some of the smaller, local coffee joints that are not as 'business professional' and always have grade a beans and nonfat milk i.e. wormhole or hero coffee bar to name a few.the high star reviews drew me in, but i was left underwhelmed. the line was fairly long to order and the wait to get my drink was even longer. the atmosphere seemed to match the city of chicago with neon lights on the wall, high ceilings and super chic employees sporting fancy haircuts and piercings. i ordered the black cat latte. on the menu it stated they used dark chocolate and cherries. i asked the barista about this and ordered it, but i must of been misunderstood somehow because my drink was distinctly a plain latte and not my favorite at that. glad i tried chicago's signature coffee, but i won't be returning.i'm going to have to come back and try something else. \u00a0when i walked in on saturday morning, i wasn't expecting a line that long. \u00a0it was the busiest i've ever seen a coffee shop. \u00a0i really just wanted something quick like dd or starbucks but since i've been wanting to try intelligentsia since my days of living in dallas, i jumped in line. \u00a0it was 12 mins and $6 for a macchiato. \u00a0and this is the real macchiato. \u00a0you know how sometimes you'll go to dd and order an espresso drink and it'll come in a huge cup that's filled with something similar to condensed milk? the real thing is just like a shot of espresso with a little milk which was great but i felt like i waited half a century while standing awkwardly close to a family the entire time waiting for my drink because it was that crowded. \u00a0it was pretty good, but hard for me to really judge a drink that can be downed in 2 seconds. \u00a0what i did notice was that the ethiopian espresso was a lot more subtle in flavor compared to some of the other espresso drinks i've had. \u00a0not sure if that's just the difference in how they make their drinks or the country of where the beans are from. \u00a0what do i know? i'm no coffee bean expert.i really want to come back and try their regular black coffee. \u00a0well, nothing in here is \"regular\", so i retract that last statement. \u00a0even their black drip comes on a fancy tray with a ceramic cup and a mini glass carafe of leftover coffee. \u00a0i wonder if the employees would have a heart attack if i ordered one and busted out my personal stash of the cheap non-dairy creamers you find at a gas station? \u00a04 stars just because the employees were incredibly nice and took their time making each drink even though the room was crowded more than a sardine can.was referred to intelligentsia coffee and from the reviews got their black cat latte. it was ok? got their savory scone which was delicious enough to compensate. line was long, latte art was beautiful, everyone and their business partner seemed to be working out of this location though.basically the same review as i posted for their store in pasadena, ca: superlative cold brew iced coffee made and served by really nice \u00a0people in a store with a really cool name. \u00a0love this place. a lot.every time when i am in chicago, i always try to have at least a cup of intelligentsia coffee.love this location! right next to millennium park, you can always grab a coffee to go and enjoy some open space in the park on a sunny day.but of course, i rather stay in and enjoy my cappuccino and watch the barista pulling espresso shots, creating lovely latte art or doing a pour over. love their outfits too!though the line seems to be long at times, but the wait is not that long! and their coffee is definitely worth the wait!i was wooed (is that how you spell it?) by the other positive reviews so i took the short walk from my hotel to the intelligentsia coffee location on e. randolph street. there were a few people ahead of me but the latte came out quickly. the foam art on top was really pretty and the foam stayed in tact -don't know if that is good or bad but the whole latte was smooth and very enjoyable. i also tried a sugar roll type pastry and it was tasty. a perfect little mid morning sugar rush.came here for the last stop of my chicago trip. the concierge at the hotel i was staying at recommended this place as an early morning pick-me-up before i had to go catch my flights. plus, it's tucked inside the monadnock building, one of the first skyscrapers in chicago. the shop is located right across from the giant usps office on jackson. the decor has a very vintage-y feel to it that made me feel like i was in a cafe car on a train. i also simultaneously felt like i time traveled to the past. all the baristas wore suspenders, which i thought was super cute! the walls are creamy, lit with warm-colored lights, and the fresh flowers in glass jars on the tables definitely added a homey touch, too!i had an iced soy latte and my brother had an iced mocha. drinks here aren't too strong. the iced mocha was on the chocolate-y side and the soy latte was refreshing without being provoking to say the least. i think i loved the decoration more than the coffee itself. if i could do it all over again, i would get there even earlier so i could just sit and enjoy my coffee for a little longer.so glad a co worker recommended this place. \u00a0great vibe and intelligent workers. \u00a0 enjoyed the great coffee alsoi got the angeleno based on recommendations and it was delicious. more on the sweet side but it wasn't too sweet and the ice latte was delicious and perfect on the warm sunny day. however, it is a bit more expensive than the usual coffee shops. the baristas were very nice and they're quick to take your order and make it too. despite the line, everything moved along quickly and before i knew it, i was off with my delicious iced latte in hand.the angeleno was one of the highlights on my chicago trip! i highly recommend it!it's the little things that count at intelligentsia. the decor at the financial district \"loop\" location is indicative of the bustling businesses downtown: marble bar, baristas in bow ties/suspenders, brass on wood accents, and a classy feel overall. i ordered a simple shot of espresso, which was done just right. they serve mineral water with your coffee, which is an excellent palate cleanser and refreshment. i appreciate that, and definitely don't mind paying a few extra cents for it! friendly service, classy environment. well done.cute space, great location in the loop, and solid coffee. there's not much more to it, but if you're looking for a spot to grab a good cup of coffee then this is the perfect place for you. i ordered a latte and it was smooth and delicious. \u00a0no fancy frills here, so don't expect any crazy concoctions or flavors. simplicity is always the best way to go with coffee anyways.expensive (10$ for a latte and a chocolate croissant), and a very limited offer of bakery. coffee and croissant were very good.the anticipation for actually coming here was equal to the experience i had. settled just off michigan on a little side street, this particular location feels like one of those hidden gems in the city. but for all you fellow coffee snobs out there, it's the mecca of coffee. on this particular summer morning, i got the savory scone that did not disappoint! i'm not a sweet for breakfast kind of person, so it was the perfect morning pastry. for the beverage, and let's be real that's why we come here (well, and also to see the awesome interior!) on this round, i got the steamed chai. i'm so glad i did because it was delightful. spicy, not too sweet, and perfectly heated. i couldn't have asked for a better chai. can't wait to come back next time and try some more ambitious coffee! be prepared for a little bit of a wait though!we had to check out this chicago staple during our visit. there are plenty of locations throughout chicago, but this one is close to the loop and millennium park. service was friendly and quick by the entire team. we ordered an iced ginger plum tea, a chocolate chip cookie, and a drip coffee. all three items were great (especially the tea). the flavors were all there, and the cookie was dense with just the right amount of chew. if anything, it was a little buttery/greasy for my liking.i wish i had had a chance to sample their beverages made at the bar!intelligentsia serves some of the best coffees grown in the entire world. as a specialty coffee professional, i was very pleased with every aspect of our multiple visits to the millennial park location in chicago.the coffee and tea was outstanding. the service was stellar from 8 baristas, though one woman delivered an odd glance that seemed less-than-friendly for an unknown reason. that said, we felt welcomed and valued every minute.i highly suggest this intelligentsia location, as well as every other. it is a brand that cares for its customers and the coffee farmers it works with.i got the iced chai latte and it was pretty good. i feel like i got weird looks because it's a pretty hipster place and i'm just.... not hipster. my friend did not like her iced brew so she asked them to make her something else and they did. \u00a0they have a nice outdoor seating area and some seating inside but it's pretty limited.it's been a long time since i was last at this location. i would come here when i used to work downtown, but since i don't have a reason to be downtown anymore...anyway, i'm by no means a coffee snob. don't ask me what region of coffee i prefer...i just know i like it dark and i like it strong and for it to taste good. most of the time i feel like i'm the only one that doesn't like starbucks.speaking of not liking starbucks, i'm not a fan of specialty coffee drinks like mochas, frappacinos, etc. i just like plain ole' coffee. the wildest i'll get is a chai latte (ooo...i know...pretty basic of me). intelligentsia seriously has the best tasting iced chai latte in all of chicagoland. it's not too sugary sweet. it's got an awesome amount of spice to it and just the right amount of sweetness. i'm drooling just thinking about it.i was there this past saturday on my way to the chicago cultural center. it wasn't too busy. i had forgotten how hipstery the baristas are. the lady cashier was a little off. she wasn't rude, but she wasn't the friendliest. the barista that made my drink was way friendlier. my company ordered iced tea and they really enjoyed it. said it was one of the best iced teas they've had.some people say intelligentsia is super pretentious. i never got that vibe from this location nor the one in the monadnock building. i just plain ole enjoy intelligentsia coffee. nom!"}