{"60603": "the best cup of coffee i've ever had. they make each drink fresh to order and that's what makes it. the drink takes about 5 minutes but it's so worth it. their pastries are really good as well. i believe they probably just get deliveries from local bakeries. the chocolate donut was amazing and huge. the cinnamon roll was amazing as well-- better than stan's. the prices are maybe 40\u00a2 more than starbucks and it's so much better. my only complaint is that they only have about five bar stools and then one lone chair, but the coffee was so good that it didn't matter. we were able to get two bar stools so it worked out. other than that the place is very cute.fairgrounds was my favorite coffee shop in chicago. it was in a beautiful and convenient location to many outdoor \"tourist attraction spots.\" they had many different local tea and coffee roasts in shop including rishi tea, frothy monkey , metropolis, stumptown, unicorn blood, and circle of life. and the staff were very sweet and authentic! those who know me well or follow my posts know i'm a stickler for aesthetic when it comes to cafes and espresso bars. while slightly on the smaller and more modern side of things, fairgrounds had a great vibe to it with neutral tones, urban coffee products on display and for sale, plus multiple picturesque scenes for all your social media (and yelp) needs. the baristas even take the time to style the drinks for your photo taking pleasures!the cafe is located right across from millennium park right inside a hotel lobby area. don't let this fool you though, there is plenty of room for seating on the beautiful outdoor patio area for groups when not raining. like many cafes and restaurants in chicago, fairgrounds has a wide variety of colorful planters filled with beautiful, trendy blooms, spring to fall, i cannot vouch for what happens in the winter.chicago has a million little unique cafes throughout the city and all have their perks but fairgrounds was best on all levels for me. strong, smooth, creamy espresso + perfect location for walking tours of the city's best outdoor scenery + kind service + cozy atmosphere. all of that and then some. they do have wifi, outlets, and food options as well for those looking to grab breakfast and/or post up and work. check 'em out!this place is an aesthetic dream come true for me, a coffee-obsessed human looking to try all of the chicago coffee spots in existence. let's begin, shall we?i was meeting some friends today, and chose fairgrounds for two reasons: one, because we'd planned on meeting near millennium park, and two, because i wanted to pick a coffee spot to accommodate our seating needs. unfortunately for me, i misinterpreted the photos i'd found online when it came to seating. the inside of this particular fairgrounds location only had enough seating for maybe 5-6 people. there was, however, quite a bit of outdoor seating, but we've been cursed with an extended winter/weak excuse for springtime, so that wasn't really an option. the good news is, the shop was located on the ground level of the chicago athletic association hotel, where anyone is welcome to sit in their gorgeous lobby on the second floor. the lovely gentleman at the desk on the ground floor lobby connected to fairgrounds gave us this information, and the second floor lobby was where we ended up finding many others with fairgrounds cups as well.i arrived earlier than my friends, and was pretty hungry. i chose a mexican chopped salad from the refrigerator area and bought a medium black coffee. i was a bit shocked at the $13 price tag on this combo, especially since i was only so lucky to find somewhere to sit and eat it while i waited for my friends, so that's something to keep in mind. i've had quite a few large, fabulous cups of coffee for $2-$2.50 at some smaller, local spots, so eek! the salad was very delicious though -- filling, but not to the point of making me tired. the barista also gave me a little bag of tortilla chips to crush up and put in the mix. i liked this little addition, because it ensured the chips weren't soggy once i started eating my salad. good move, fairgrounds.i don't really discriminate too much against coffee, though the metropolis medium roast i chose wasn't my absolute favorite. the good news, though, is that unlike many other coffee shops, fairgrounds had about 6-7 roasts at the ready, so i could've chosen another that i probably would've absolutely loved. if you are looking for coffee to grab and go, this fairgrounds location is the perfect spot for that. i'd love to come by when it's warm out to sit in their outdoor patio area.if you are looking for a specialty caffeinated beverage, and quality is important to you, i would check out fairgrounds. their baristas are awesome and always willing to provide you with interesting spins on the drinks they offer. i tend to go for their matcha tea- the power flower is a unique blend of jasmine and coconut milk. i haven't been able to find a matcha latte in the downtown area to rival it. my only critique for fairgrounds are the prices- but its location would give them reason to entertain a high price point.located in the chicago athletic association hotel across from millennium park, i had the pleasure of stopping by today for a quick meet up with a coworker. the key to this location is understanding the meaning of quick. this location is really more of a grab it to go stop, unless you want to sit outside on their patio (which is lovely btw). there is a small counter with stools and only one table inside, but if you're looking for a place to sit for awhile, the lounge area of the athletic association is one floor up the marble stairs and swank.i loved my dark matter, medium roast, vanilla latte. it was smooth, sweet, no sugar required, and just the right amount of froth. i'm a huge fan of this label from chicago, and they also serve a few other independent usa coffee brands like colectivo, metropolis, verve, four letter word, stumptown, and frothy monkey. fun menu offering...a coffee flight where you can pick from three brands. i haven't seen a concept like this before with coffee. great people watching if you sit outside, since it's across from millennium park. i would stop by here again for sure when i'm in the area. take note: they also serve local pastries, and i'm fairly certain i spotted some stan's donuts in their case ;-)i came to this coffeeshop in thanksgiving day as this place was open. i wanted to thank the staff that work there, they are very friendly and awesome! they made my day! quick service and delicious coffee. i will be definitely back. highly recommend.my girlfriend and i had a 7 hour layover in chicago and this was our first place we stopped after landing. this establishment is directly across the street from the beautiful millennium park. millennium park is the main reason we tried fairgrounds coffee. once inside, we realized how good this place truly is. one of our favorite things about fairgrounds is that they feature small roasters from all over. \u00a0 give it a try, you will not be disappointed.great location, beautiful interior, wonderful character and options of coffee beans, but unfortunately the service was slow and the execution of the making of the latte was lacking. the frothy, velvety exterior and taste of the coffee was missing and the enjoyment of the coffee was average. decent but average coffee.not too much to say about this small coffee shop other than it has really good coffee. i had the latte with the lighter blend that was a nutty flavor. was really good, reminds me a lot of blue bottle coffee in san francisco. very smooth and creamy. there's nice outside seating too, with views of the park and skyline. i came back the next day and got an iced coffee, which wasn't as good, but very refreshing in the chicago summer heat.this place is cute and has an interesting menu. i stumbled across it one day as i decided to go downtown when it was 97 degrees outside. i quickly realized i needed something iced and headed to the first cafe i could find. i walked up to the counter, sticky and out of breath, and was greeted by a friendly, pleasant, and chill barista. she waited patiently as i scanned the menu, and we had a nice, brief conversation about my tattoo.i ordered soul detox, an iced tea with blueberry rooibos, balsamic vinegar, mint, and berries. i snapped some shots of the inside of the cute cafe while i waited. there are a handful of seats inside, but most of the seating is outside in their patio area. when my drink was done, the barista apologized as they were out of the berries they normally use, and offered an alternative. she asked if i wanted them tossed on or cut nicely. i told her i was going to take a picture of it, and so she smiled and then carefully sliced the strawberry to be put on top.it looked adorable, it tasted great, and her patience throughout was very appreciated. there are a decent number of tables outside, and you can see millenium park from the patio. there may be a restroom inside ? they share the building with some sort of athletic club, and i didn't ask (but now realize i should have for the review, dangit).very impressed overall. i saw they had another, non-downtown location and may have to try that one out too.oh boy this coffee shop is no joke. i went several times during our trip to try out different drinks, including the chai latte and bulletproof coffee. it was next level and i would highly recommend it! short wait time and obviously fresh ingredients with a unique menu- you would be disappointed!this place is so good that we came here twice in one weekend! after an early workout in millennium park, my friend was dying for her morning coffee. we wanted to support some place local, so we found this conveniently across the street. once we stepped into this place, the service was incredibly friendly. with so many delicious and unique options, we were taking a while to decide. the server allowed us to try samples of anything on tap, making recommendations along the way. i ended up getting the vietnamese cold brew and it was absolutely delicious. i raved about it so much that my friend got it the next day when we came back. my other friend got the sticky chai tea latte, which ended up being a little dessert-y for her, but what did she expect! she did appreciate the flavors of it though. one of the best things i sampled was the pinot sage flavored marin kombucha... soooooo light and refreshing!there were also a lot of details that we enjoyed, particularly the complimentary sparkling water on tap. i'll definitely be back to this favorite coffee shop of mine next time i'm in town!this is a very cute little coffee shop. i had a mocha which was, quite honestly, one of the best mochas i've ever had. the staff was very friendly and helpful to explain the menu and help make choices (this was my first time here). full disclosure, this little shop is inside another building though and it's very, very tiny, so when it comes to sitting down...you may not have much luck. this is a great place to grab and go through. the small space doesn't take away from the delicious coffee they were serving. i would definitely go again.fairgrounds is located near millennium park area and it is one of the most eye pleasing shops out there for its size. it's got 4-5 pour over coffee makers with wooden aesthetics and a nice backdrop of their menu. they specialize in coffee and matcha. since - i was up at 6am - i needed their strongest drink and settled with the matcha drink with a double espresso shot!! essentially - a quad shot of caffeine. i think it's called the ferragamo but i coudl be wrong. i wasn't very coherent at the time that she had told me what it was called. highly recommend it for those who need a super strong drink. my friend got a nitro iced coffee - relatively smooth drink and made with stumptown. for those who like kombucha - they have kombucha on tap!! never seen that before. if i had enough hands and needed some probiotics in me - i would definitely get in. highly recommend - staff is super friendly and patient!!fairgrounds is nestled inside the chicago athletic hotel which is conveniently located across from millenium. i say this because it's a great place to stop and get some drinks before walking over. they have some amazing teas and cold brews on tap, but i come here for the kombucha on tap which is delicious! i'm sure the snacks and pastries are amazing but i have yet to try. show your college id for 10% off. four stars because it's a bit pricey and there isn't room inside to relax/stay awhile. staff is friendly and patio seating outside make this a great spot to relax and people watch.great little coffee shop in the heart of chicago. \u00a0they have a bit of seating inside and some as well outside. \u00a0i ended up just getting an iced latte which was very solid coffee. \u00a0i did sample some of their kombucha which they had on tap, that was also fantastic, but i was looking for something with a bit more caffeine. \u00a0i would highly recommend it though if you're a fan of the stuff. \u00a0the shop itself has a very chic design. \u00a0the outside is quite relaxing since you're sectioned off from the busy sidewalk. \u00a0it's a great place to people watch. \u00a0overall, great little coffee shop. \u00a0probably wouldn't recommend it though if you're looking to get some work done. \u00a0some people inside were working, but it is very noisy.cute spot, good coffee, friendly staff (what's with all the friendly chicago people?? kind it!). only legit coffee place open at 7am in the weekend.new fav coffee shop that's nearby. already stopped by twice within the last 48 hours. so far i've tried their iced matcha w/ almond milk, jungle juice elixir, and vietnamese cold brew. all three were wonderful. they have nitro & cold brews on tap, which i will be coming in for next! super cool that they offer a flight option (you can choose any 3 of the 8 seasonal taps).both times i've been here, there service has been stellar. this is one of the reasons why i will now choose fairgrounds over starbucks or peet's. the staff is very welcoming, helpful, and beyond friendly. what a great addition to michigan ave!fairgrounds is an excellent coffee stop in the millennium park area on michigan ave. \u00a0the experience reminded me of a micro-brew taproom - 8 iced coffees on tap - samples were gladly offered. hot brews are all made in pour-over fashion. \u00a0really enjoyed the stumptown iced coffee on tap with nitro! \u00a0my wife's mint truffle mocha was also pretty great. finally, a plug for the unscotti...pretty special. it takes a couple minutes for the pour-over contraptions to do their thing, so friendly baristas are a major plus. outdoor seating was easily had on a busy weekend - a perfect spot to watch the passing parade. it's a destination for me when around the loop.passed on a t-shirt - kind of regret it as i might be their biggest fan.first time here, and loved it! bill the barista was super energetic and welcoming, and he let us try samples of cold brew before ordering one. coffee was really tasty! got the light cold brew on tap and it was very creamy and rich. it's pretty out of the world.this is a very very small coffee shop, but it is near by the art institute of chicago. as people wrote before, the flora powered is tasty. after you finished the bottom part of the drink, you should stop and throw it away.by far, my favorite coffee shop in chicago!!! this location is pretty small compared to the one in wicker park. there are very limited seats, but it's located right across from millenium park! i absolutely love the menu. there's so many unique flavors to try! my favorites are from the elixirs menu. i've tried the rainforest remedy, which is a matcha + tropical smoothie. there's another matcha drink on the menu that i forgot the name of and it is my favorite!! it's essentially a hot matcha milk tea. \u00a0they have a vietnamese cold brew that is quite strong! overall, highly recommend this place!located on the ground floor of the chicago athletic association, it is the best place for coffee, espresso, and cold brew in the loop. \u00a0with plenty of subway tile, the decor has a classic feel with some barstool seating facing the outside wall, which you can park to see michigan avenue. i like the options of cold coffee flight that includes nitro and kombucha. they also have various roaster beans and some merchandise. i would highly recommend a visit and if you can't find a seat on the patio, you can go up a floor inside the caa.love this spot! great concept to get all your favorite local teas or coffee selections. helpful staff with always a friendly smile.my favorite coffee shop in all of chicago! i love all their coffee and espresso options, it's especially neat how they tell you where the coffee beans are from for the pour overs. they also have amazing matcha lattes, would definitely recommend. if you're not that into drinking black coffee [honestly their pour overs are life-changing], i would recommend their vietnamese iced coffee or the horchata latte. both are delicious, with the former a little sweeter and the latter reminded me of gingerbread. i love this place! they have a great patio, too.delicious matcha latte with oat milk, they make authentic matcha here. peanut butter chocolate muffin (banana? maybe) was good and huge. good location and free wifi.delicious coffee. nice space. only uses plastics and take away containers. would give 4 stars if they had 'for here' plate and glass ware. to operate entirely on take out is environmentally irresponsible these days.great location and outdoor seating to enjoy coffee and people watching. pour over coffee in 7 roasts, and was delicious (i opted for dark matter, a local chicago roast). pastry selection was not huge or special, but the coffee was!nice service however my latte was lukewarm and very weak on coffee. pure milk and foam and in a paper cup. not what i would expect for almost $5.i got the sticky chai tea latte and although a pricey it was excellent! the person who took our order was very friendly and funny! the atmosphere in the shop is nice and cozy too! only thing i didn't not enjoy was the pricing and having to walk through a different building to get to the shop.where do i start with this place. first time i had this was back in august when i was visiting chicago. my fianc\u00e9 at the time told me about the rainforest remedy and i fell in love with it. it was so good!!!! perfect blend of matcha, pineapple and coconut. didn't think i'd like the three together but i was wrong. i moved to chicago in december and since it was cold \u00a0 (more like freezing). the barista told me to try the charcoal elixir, it is a mix of coconut water, dark chocolate and charcoal. it's so rich and tasty but too rich to finish it. props to you if you can. i always tell everyone that comes to chicago to try fairgrounds because it is great!!!their kombucha is tasty. refreshing and very strong, i had the rose one and loved it.their coffee is great too.we just went today and wanted to mix things up and have something different. i had the power flower thai tea. sounds pretty and tastes pretty good. if you love matcha then you'll definitely love it because the matcha is overpowering in a good way. my hubby had the vietnamese cold brew and i snuck a sip and it is also very tasty and refreshing.as you can see there hasn't been anything i haven't liked here. i do plan on trying their whole menu. and i'll fill you in if there's something not worth trying.  my all time favorite will stay the rainforest remedy. you have to try it!!!!beautiful atmosphere, friendly staff, fantastic menu. would recommend to anyone looking for a fun drink or just a good cup of coffee!i loved the kombucha on tap, one of the best i had.friendly staff and great selection of coffee brews, i definitely go back and try more stuff :)their drinks are super yummy. my favorite is the iced flower power drink (matcha, jasmine syrup, and rice milk). yum! it tastes good and looks super cool. the seating upstairs is very expansive and beautiful, as well.i love this place! \u00a0it's been my spot to chill and catch up with a friend. i think the bfast menu has a good variety. the a\u00e7a\u00ed bowl is delicious. also, i've been wanting to try charcoal drinks since i've been reading is good for detox. def recommend their cocoa charcoal coconut drink! the jungle juice is also very tasty!tasty coffee! i love the logo and colors. they seemed to forget about making our coffee but the lady eventually caught on and quickly got it together.amazing matcha green tea latte w oat milk. i upgraded + the only thing holding me back from a 5 star is that it cost me $10 for the one size drink.smooth expresso beans. delicious naturally sweetened kombucha. nice outside seating to enjoy authentic coffee!this was my first time. \u00a0they were really really knowledgeable and had a fun experience with the flights. \u00a0 takes any coffee drinker to the next level.the coffee here is pretty good - not as good as intelligentsia but decent. the workers there a bit too sassy for my taste, but they provided quick service nonetheless. all in all, a rather lackluster visit - i'd rather spend my money at intelligentsia.yikes. i get the whole vibe of this place is very appealing, but their drinks are not good, and they just overcharge you. i had a pleasant experience with the barista the first time i was there, friendly, helped me decide on a drink. it was one of their mixed drink. unfortunately, it really wasn't that good and it cost me 5 or 6 dollars. i couldn't really taste all the fancy fru fru they put in there to make it as hipster as possible, and just was a confusing, bland drink. second time i went, barista could care less about what i wanted. i got another $5 drink (i think matcha latte) which again, was just nothing special. the drink was lukewarm, and i personally didn't like the matcha they are using but that's personal preference. i went back to grab a snack as this was an afterwork meeting (~5pm). the barista (the one who could care less, yup that one) said nothing and charged me 5 dollars for a pastry that's probably been sitting there since 8 am that morning, didn't offer to heat it up, put it on a plate, or anything. i will admit to being pretty stuck up about my coffee as i spent a few years living in seattle, but i really don't think this is worth it.a really good variety of coffee and tea drinks in a warm, comfortable environment. \u00a0you can take your drink upstairs and relax in the chicago athletic assoc hotel's den or game room. \u00a0the staff is very friendly also, especially belinda!definitely a fan of this location since it's easier to get to than their wicker park one (for me personally) it's a small location with not too much seating so don't expect that - but you can still get the same fairground faves and just take them to go! they have nitro and cold brews on tap as well as kombucha for you non-coffee drinkers. however, my go-to at fairgrounds is always one of their matcha drinks. they have amazing matcha drinks. i'm super excited to keep visiting this location and ordering more food next time i'm here!i love fairgrounds ! i visited this location for the first time today after doing yoga at millenium park. i'm a big cold brew fan, so i was really excited to see all the different types they had on tap. i will definitely be coming back! this place is super cute and not very crowded which is awesome.i think this has been the highlight of the food portion of our weekend in chicago. fairgrounds is right on the ground floor of the caa where we're staying. they make an excellent iced mocha, and have a great selection of pastries. nitro and cold brew on tap, among many others! we've come here every morning this weekend. they've also got outdoor seating. the people behind the counter are quick and make great suggestions.this coffee bar literally has coffee \"on tap\" just like beer. it's adorable! i had an excellent iced coffee. they give you a sample so you can try the different flavors and choose your favorite. the atmosphere is a lovely clean, rustic vintage vibe.i visited fairgrounds during my short trip to chicago after visiting the art museum. i'd have to say i really liked this place! the staff was extremely friendly, patient and took the time to explain each drink to my friend and i. they have all sorts of coffees from different areas and a lot of different but unique choices to choose from if you weren't feeling coffee. fairgrounds has such a cute and aesthetic interior and is in the perfect location to stop and rest after exploring downtown chicago.pretty solid option for coffee in the downtown if you just want something quick and great. they carry multiple brands of coffee and have plenty of tea and nitro options. seating is very limited so don't expect to get seating if you have a larger group. they have outdoor seating for when its warm.my first visit was super fantastic, making me decided to get my coffee here everyday. however, as i came more frequently, i realized the quality is not always the same; sometime i get a really great and well-prepared latte, sometimes it looks and tastes just like a starbucks quality coffee.anyway, i'm still giving a four star because overall it's still one of my favorite places to grab a cup of coffee in downtown chicago.i tried the colectivo coffee. smooth and no after taste bitterness. the staff are extremely friendly. it was nice out so we were able to sit right outside of the hotel and enjoy the view of michigan ave and millennium parkample seating in the front, across from millennium park, great service and most importantly great coffee. i suggest getting the cortado.fairgrounds coffee has been one of the best coffee drinking experiences i have had. on my second visit the barista remembered my name. that is incredible to me, given how large chicago is as a city. the coffee is perfection. i'm not usually a fan of cold brew coffee. cold brew often strikes me as smooth, which is nice, but only one note. the cold brew at fairgrounds is beautifully smooth as well as being complex and interesting. my wife had a light roast espresso for her bone dry cappuccino-delicious.the girl who helped me was the sweetest. the coffee was great. so was the view of the millennium park and the interior. loved the tiled floor. and that matcha was somethingit was so hot in chicago today and i was looking for shade and ended up at this cute coffee shop. the menu was simple and they even had cold brew coffee on tap. how awesome is that! i ended up ordering my usual vietnamese ice coffee with condensed milk. it actually had a hint of cinnamon and mint leaves which gives it a kicker. it's a nice relaxing place and the bean is just across the street.pros: - right next to my office- great coffee & espresso drinks- fantastic tea (try the turmeric mango on ice!) cons:- some of the staff is really nice & informative, some is cold & quiet- i always forget how expensive this place is. $4+ for an iced tea is insanity. $5-6 for an almond milk matcha is too.our very first visit and eric the barista was tremendous and makes a nice cappacino and latte! he's new there but been making coffee for a long time. a must try.the beverage menu is vast and creative. they make pour over, teas, tonics, and espresso drinks. they also offer bottled drinks to-go. i visited them twice during my stay in chicago. on the first day, i enjoyed the turmeric tonic. it's a draft tonic with a prominent turmeric flavor and robust fizz. the outdoor patio is a great place to people-watch. the next morning, i sampled few of the draft cold brews but settled for a local pour over. the service is friendly. they give samples, if you ask, and offer suggestions without the hoity toity attitude. my suggestion please expand to the sf bay area!this place opened yesterday and i've been here twice. so far, so very good. the drinks are great. today i'm having a jungle juice: mango tea, turmeric, \u00a0coconut. topped with cayenne pepper and served cold. there's something else in it but i forget. \u00a0anyway it's really really good: cool, fresh and refreshing. this place is both retro and contemporary. and the employees are very friendly and welcoming. as far as ambiance, it beats the starbucks and peet's coffee across the street hands down. located inside the chicago athletic association hotel, \u00a0it can be accessed from the outside ( michigan avenue) as well. tomorrow i think i'll try one of the several cold brew coffees on tap.great cup of coffee! i had a pour over, which is what they made for me when i ordered a regular coffee, and i \u00a0chose dark roast. it was one of the best cups of coffee i've ever had, and i love my coffee.this location is a smaller version of the one in bucktown which i love. it has a lot of my favorites and the location is amazing!so happy to have another fairgrounds to visit!drink was good, but maybe a little expensive and not much dining space (although there is a small patio with seating) only reasons for 4stars instead of 5. service was great and offered suggestions for my iced matcha latte! we also ordered breakfast sandwiches from the cooler and there were a tasty and quick way to begin our day of exploring chicago.i went in with the impression that it was going to be a great experience since following them on social media. i finally went in and it wasn't. i asked for vegan options and the woman at the register didn't know anything. lacked an apology for the lack of knowledge about the products there. i got a coffee. it's cute place but it needs better customer service. the coffee was delish \"stumptown draft\"this place was a disappointment. ordered a chai tea latte and a hot chocolate...they were both flavorless. ended up throwing them out after spending $12 for the privilege. service was fine but won't be returning.recent visit was great with the new staff. she described all the coffee on tap and recommended the caramel coffee, which tasted great!i love coffee and i love finding interesting and exceptional coffee shops. i was referred to fairgrounds by a friend. i went to the milwaukee shop first and i liked it but when i came to the michigan ave shop, i loved it. the coffee was good but i met a great barista, balinda. she was so friendly and fun to talk too. she made me an alternative energy and i could tell that she really enjoyed what she did because it was fabulous. i live downtown and i have walked by this place all the time and actually never realized it was here. \u00a0i come here as much as i can now but not just for the coffee but also to because i really enjoy talking to balinda. she makes the best coffee and i always leave here smiling and in a good mood. she is so full of energy and her laugh and attitude are infectious.delicious coffee! i got an iced caramel latte and it was sooooo good. plus the cashier and barista were beyond friendly!!! they were super welcoming and conversational. it's a cute little shop, and it has outdoor seating which is always nice. i'll definitely be sure to stop by whenever i'm in the area.very good coffee shop, but can't get over 3 stars because the only serve their coffee/espresso drinks in to go cups. \u00a0 no self respecting coffee shop doesn't offer \"real\" glassware for their prized liquids.was a fan and a frequent daily guest for months and unfortunately, i will not be returning after my experience there this morning. the entire staff turned over and the experience went from friendly and inviting to arrogance. \u00a0the staff used to be super helpful, accommodating, fast and above all friendly. \u00a0this morning i had quite the opposite experience. \u00a0it was awful enough to take my business elsewhere. \u00a0coffee is good but not enough to override the arrogant staff. \u00a0very disappointing to say the least.this location has been open for 2 weeks. it is a very welcome addition to cafes on michigan ave with outdoor seating. we had plain espresso. it was bitter and acid. next time only team or a mixed drink.really cute tables outside to watch the hustle and bustle around millennium park. location 10/10. coffee itself is more acidic than i prefer but might just be the blend i got.espresso is super great though the price is a bit high for a breakfast and staff is so nicei liked their other location so much i had to visit michigan ave as well. \u00a0i had, a grandpa irv's old fashioned and a chocolate croissant before grabbing one of their to go chopped salads for lunch.great little place outside a theatre. fine selection of quality coffees, teas and matcha drinks, organic snacks, friendly staff.update: still waiting on dj to respond to my email from 11-26 regarding my visit. i'll keep it short. fairgrouds is a great place for coffee. the selection is exotic and quite extensive. the cashier, at the caa location will add a tip without your knowledge, you will never see the screen to sign because its a scam at fairgrounds management expense. she will be overly fake friendly and attentive so your stupid self has no clue what she did. $2 added on isn't going to cause a financial hardship for myself, but it seems like that is what she is going through--maybe a significant pay increase should be considered--clearly she is not being paid what she is worth. btw..she ended up getting a $3 cash tip from me, because i felt bad because i didn't leave one on the screen--lol. jokes on me. there is no other communication needed from fairgrounds management. i contested my charge through chase bank.this was the best cup of coffee i had while visiting chicago, and the staff was beyond friendly. \u00a0an awesome, welcoming spot in the touristy loop area.small little spot inside the lobby of the chicago athletic association hotel with a separate entrance on michigan ave. \u00a0great coffee selection, with a number of cold brews and nitros on tap. \u00a0they source their beans from a number of different places, and they expertly handle brewing a perfect cup. \u00a0great pastries, too!the people were polite and welcoming, the woman who made my latte was sweet and made an amazing drink! will definitely be coming back.i've been looking for a place downtown that serves good coffee and food at a reasonable price. so today i went to fairgrounds coffee & tea that just opened on michigan avenue across the street from millennium park. i got an iced coffee on this warm day. it was metropolis coffee, which is to me the best coffee. (chicago magazine had rightly touted it as number 1 some time ago.) \u00a0so the coffee was terrific, much better than any coffee i've had at starbucks.i also had the turkey and cheese wrap, which was wonderful. i liked the lettuce and tomatoes in it, as well. the ambiance is modern with outdoor seating. you can people watch and see various skyscrapers, such as the beautiful crane communications building. fairgrounds is housed in the 1890's chicago athletic club building. the staff was very friendly. now i have just the place to get some refreshments on michigan avenue downtown and if i want to attend a concert.there are plenty of lunch options around the loop area and i am on a mission to try each and every one of them. i came across goddess and the baker and was delighted by their display of desserts and baked goods. the place is fairly small and has limited seating, so i decided to grab an order to go. i was trying to keep it on the healthy side, so i opted for the grilled salmon kale caesar salad. lunch hours everywhere are pretty chaotic, but this place can get crowded to a whole new level. when i walked in i wasn't sure where the order line starts and i stood behind someone for about 5 minutes before i realized that they were just waiting on their order and people were going up at random to place their orders. either way, it took about 10 minutes to get my salad and that's understandable. after all the salad does say it comes with a 6 minute egg and it is a lunch rush, so i wasn't that upset about the wait. i took a look around the place while i was waiting, and they have a large variety of baked goods. from muffins to macarons to cookies to brownies, they literally have it all. they also sell alcohol, which i guess can come in handy during one of those work days!after getting my salad and heading back to the office, it was finally time to dig in. the presentation for a take out order looked extremely appetizing, however, they overfilled the plate and kale was falling around all over my desk and floor. the salmon was extremely dry and had a terrible aftertaste. i just put that to the side and ate the rest of the salad. i was pretty disappointed because it cost about 15$ for the salmon and i couldn't bare to finish it. everything else however tasted really good and the salad was extremely filling. this place is definitely worth another chance. i'll be sticking to the bakery items though!there is no bulletproof coffee in this establishment...yelp as always is out dated and misguided. was on the hunt for bpc and used yelp for guidance. why use yelp as a reference?....yelp is always wrong!the place serves the usual coffees by faux baristas, features tasteless fast track \"gourmet\" baked goods and sells the usual coffeehouse merchandise at exorbitant prices.over-rated, over-priced. no big deal.my friend and i enjoyed the coffees and breakfast items at goddess and the baker, but i have to give 4 stars because of the chaotic seating arrangement. it's very disorganized and crowded, at least in the morning. you have to find your own seats and it's basically survival of the fittest to see if you can run to an empty seat before someone else snags it.as for the food and drink - my friend and i shared the gold glitter latte, mayan mocha (espresso, dark chocolate, cinnamon, cayenne), acai bowl, and caprese omelette. the gold glitter latte was nothing special - literally edible glitter sprinkled on a latte - but it definitely makes a great photo. the mayan mocha was a bit too spicy for me but an interesting experience. however, i really enjoyed the caprese omelette and the refreshing taste of the acai bowl!this place is so cute! i love to stare at the various desserts they have at the window closest to the entrance. they're too pretty to eat. i came here on a not too busy sunday afternoon and there were plenty of tables and seats available. it was so hard to choose what to order since they have lots of items to choose from. i ended up ordering a chai tea latte, but they forgot to make my drink and it was a long wait. good thing is, it was worth the wait! so good!i can't wait to come back and try some of their other food items, like sandwiches and salads. it's the perfect place to kill time and prices were reasonable as well.only giving this 4 instead of 5 because it gets crowded so fast and you can't figure out who is in line and who isn't.love the eat now caffeine signs but because it's small and the seating is in front of it, you can't get a great pic of it because people are in the way. i've tried and it's so busy that i can't.i do like all the selection of drinks they have. i haven't seen or tried a few drinks outside of an asian supermarket or restaurant. for instance, the japanese kyoto honey. i've had that sweet stuff since i was a kid so i was pleasantly surprised they added it to honey.i wanted to treat myself so i got a glitter gold latte. i've been dying to find places that make it and i'm glad i checked the menu to goddess because i was satisfied! they even have sugarfina candies and bars - a bunch of mickeys and a hello kitty bar.a great cafe with so many options. their cookies and cakes are beautiful and delicious. the lattes and coffee are also amazing. there are also lots of savory options such as bagels. the acai bowl was disappointing but everything else was great!i been to many cities and visited many cafes and i'm happy to say this spot has \"golden milk\" which is my favorite tea everrrrrr!i also ordered the breakfast sandwich without the bacon and it was very good. small spot which can get packed quick so we arrived right at opening (8am).big plus on having the water machine in the corner dispensing sparkling water, and cold or room temp water. cool vibe music. minus one star for that huge palate in the middle of the order line which caused an elderly lady to fall and possibly suffer broken nose or lose a tooth. she'll be back for that check believe that.glad we found this place, it was right across from our hotel, so we came here every morning for our morning coffee and breakfast sandwich. well... me the sandwich and him the coffee. my bf is very picky with coffee...and he loves this place. he's gotten everything from regular coffee, cold brew, to the double con panna.the breakfast sandwich was delicious. big piece of freshly cooked eggs and another protein (bacon or ham). we got it every day and split it to start our journey through chicago tourism. it kept us satisfy while allowing us to get deep dish for lunches.large variety of drinks, sandwiches, pastries, and some very colorful cookies. prices are a bit high - this is somewhere i might go for a special treat or to catch up with friends, but definitely not regularly.seating is a rare commodity and people are constantly moving in and out. deco inside is pretty, but it can be a little messy with so many customers. since grant park is so close by, you can easily bring your food over and eat in the park. + apple butter oat latte: made with oatly oat milk; this was a nice hot drink to start off the day with, with the perfect amount of apple-y taste. the oat milk makes it a bit lighter than a latte made with regular milk, so i felt satiated but not overly full+ almond croissant: lovely almond fragrance, crispy exterior and buttery interior, no complaints here. prices for bakery items are either hard to see or not listed, which is a little annoying. they also seem a little disorganized; they forgot my croissant and i had to go up and ask for it and wait more, but at least i got it in the end!also, i really love their coffee cups! beautiful shade of blue. i brought one back home for bonnie s.'s coffee cup collection.i enjoyed my snack/coffee that i had here. met a friend for afternoon coffee. it was a little small with only a long table that was open for people to sit at.i had the pumpkin maple latte (seasonal) because i'm basic and let me say it was really good! i'm not even a big lover of coffee but this was pretty tasty. also had some nice heart art in the foam that was insta-worthy. since it's holiday season, i'm trying to limit my sweet intake so i only opted for the banana bread. it was moist nutty and served with granola and dried coconut flakes which gave it an interesting twist. if i hadn't had wildberry pancakes like 2 hours before i definitely would have gone for one of the layer cakes which looked beautiful (red velvet or carrot). it was a little on the pricey side at about 11$ for these two things. overall it was a nice place for an afternoon pick me up!they deserve a 10 star for flavor, amazingness, creativity, and excellent designs. it's been a while since i felt like a kid again and, seeing those dreamy looking cakes, pushed my mouth into a pavlovian mouth drench. seriously, it felt like it was a dream come true and it become a perfect cheat day to my diet.however.... i've got to be honest. it kinda freaked me out that they had loads of fruit gnats all over the food. those gnats comings and goings seemed oddly sinister.i'd beware of places that have gnats, but, in this case, realize that fruits and ingredients sometimes have them as well.very cute atmosphere! it was hard to choose what pastry since they all looked so beautiful! i had a cold brew coffee (very good) with oat milk. they have a great selection of milks to put in your coffee! i had the almond croissant (highly recommend). the almond sauce inside the croissant was so yummy and made me eat every single bite. my friend has the coffee cake muffin, also very yummy and moist, but fell apart. we also had an everything bagel to have more substance, and it was good but nothing special. solid place to get a coffee and pastry. i would try a sandwich or lunch food next time i go!while walking around chicago our first day of visiting, we stoped in here for a quick bite to eat. the atmosphere was fun and inviting and we were served pretty quickly. we ordered our sandwiches and coffee at the counter and then tried to find a place to sit. sitting was limited so we had to settle on sitting in the corner of the community tables. my coffee came out first and once i doctored it up to my liking at the coffee station, it was delicious. i loved the presentation. my wrap was super fresh and the goddess dressing with the hummus tasted amazing. my husband got the santa monica turkey sand which and said it was pretty good. their chips were small kettle cooked and came in 3 varieties, we got bbq and salt and vinegar. when we left we checked out their pasties and wanted to try one so bad but we were too full! overall this was a great place for a healthy fresh quick lunch. next time we are in the area we will have to go back to try one of their sweeter options!solid stop in the morning for a quick breakfast/snack.needed something for the hotel room this morning and possibly later on the train... breakfast: \u00a0blueberry chia rice pudding, vegan!, with coconut and almond milk, chia seeds and basmati rice. (very filling, split it in half with coffee)anytime snack: \u00a0detox nut/date ball. (they have different names for the different flavors but they're basically peanut butter or date based energy balls in individual cups to go)the two things together = $12.12 with 10% tip. not cheap but all we needed and high quality/taste.went back an hour later with a family member for sit-down and wow! great experience!!!! \u00a0iron man egg white omelette with veg, green salsa and amazing bread! andgoddess gringo horchata!!! (horchata and espresso blended!)loved that so much, including the glass it came in that we bought a set of four of those glasses on the way out!service here is very pleasant and efficient as well!delicious! had the honey latte and the morning sandwich on sourdough. not cheap but well worth it. the coffee was phenomenal and the sandwich was fresh, tasty, and filling. can't wait to stop back before i leave!goddess and the baker has a lot to offer: food, cafe drinks, alcoholic drinks, and a chill place to hang out (indoors and outdoors). i've only been to this location once and i probably won't return.the first thing i noticed is that it's really busy. it has people rushing to work, college students and tourists. the line never seemed to disappear.the menu is spread out on the wall behind the counter and the bakery items aren't listed. the register is at the far end and the entire menu (and bakery items) aren't visible while ordering. i ran back and forth along the counter to point to the bakery items i wanted and also to refresh my memory on my drink order. the employee (presumably a manager) was patient but unfriendly.the goddess and the baker location on lasalle has the same logistical issues with the menu and baked goods, but it's friendlier and has more seating.5 stars for the horchata latte that was amazing but where goddess and the baker falls off is the service. the person who rang me up seemed in a bad mood as well as the barista. it doesn't seem that good service or friendly service is part of their plan but at least the drinks tasted good. came in the afternoon while the cafe was pretty busy so not that many seats and the ones that were available were super filthy. i wiped down my table and the chairs so my party could sit and enjoy our beverages. will be back to try other drinks.(english)after seeing all the colorful pastries and fun drinks they have on instagram i was intrigued to try this place. i got the liquid gold glitter latte it was exactly as described in the menu glittery, fancy and tasty. the blueberry muffins were really hard i would not recommend them, but the lemon bars were delicious soft on the inside and crisp on the outside. the decor of this place is amazing, probably one of the coolest coffee shops i've ever been, with its big sign \"eat now, caffeinate\" on the wall (they have it in every coffee shop) you can take cool photos and feel the vibrant energy that this place offers. the service is really nice and friendly.  i will recommend this place to come and relax maybe work with tasty coffee and pastries. (espa\u00f1ol)despu\u00e9s de ver todos los coloridos pasteles y divertidas bebidas que ten\u00edan en instagram, estaba intrigada de probar este lugar.ordene el caf\u00e9 con leche dorada l\u00edquido (liquid gold glitter latte), estaba exactamente como lo describ\u00edan en el menu, brillante, sofisticado y sabroso. los muffins de ar\u00e1ndanos estaban realmente duros, no los recomendar\u00eda, pero las barras de lim\u00f3n estaban deliciosas, suaves por dentro y crujientes por fuera.la decoraci\u00f3n de este lugar es incre\u00edble, probablemente una de las cafeter\u00edas m\u00e1s geniales que he visto, con su gran dise\u00f1o \"eat now, caffeinate\" en la pared (lo tienen en cada cafeter\u00eda) puedes tomar fotos y sentir el energ\u00eda vibrante que tiene este lugar. el servicio es realmente agradable y amigable. recomendaria este lugar para venir a descansar y tal vez trabajar con deliciosos caf\u00e9s y pasteles.you get a free drip coffee when you check in -- and it is good! it comes in a really cool container that keeps your coffee hot before you pour it. i asked the barista whether he recommended the dark or the light drip and he said to go with light... i definitely agree! it was refreshing and aromatic (i had it black), but wasn't overly acidic. went great with my pepper and egg sandwich.for kicks i tried their iced americano and give it two thumbs up! i would seriously come back just for the americano! it was great \u00a0one note on the pepper and egg sandwich -- grab hot sauce inside first. be better than i was.i will write more whenever i come down from this caffeine high after having so much coffee!if you want to work at a coffee shop with great pastries, this is the place to go. i ordered a chocolate tart with a latte and pulled a chair for an hour or two to read an online article i had saved. i walked here so i can't speak for parking or the trains to this location. the atmosphere inside is very friendly and true city coffee shop, with lots of seating, music in the background, and a constant buzz of patrons. the restaurants true origin is posted on one of the walls. the chocolate tart had flaky crust (probably from all the butter) and rich, \u00a0and divine filling. the latte was the perfect pairing with a sweet treat. service is satisfactory. after ordering, the food/coffee came fast so prompt service on serving. \u00a0 fun bakery that i'd revisit when i am in chicago.wonderful selection of unique coffees and treats! they have everything from a gold glittery drink, gooden coffee, strawberry matcha, and a mayan mocha. i tried out the mayan mocha which did not dissapoint. it is full of dark chocolate and has a kick of spice! i also tried a red velvet cupcake which was pretty moist but i wish the frosting was a bit thicker. my only disappointment is that its very small and loud making it jot the best place to work. the music is quite loud along with the crowd.pretty decent coffee and lunch place. been there a few times for their hot chocolate, which is really good. tried their food for the first time today. the avocado toast was delicious, but the vietnamese salad was unimpressive - it was mostly a big bowl of cabbage and noodles. want to try more of their stuff.goddess and the baker is one of those places that i think of as more than just a coffee shop. you get the typical options of any coffee you want to be made any way you'd like, but you also get the options of drinks (actual alcoholic beverages and regular soft drinks, juices, etc...), sandwiches, pastries, etc... it's pretty much a free for all in terms of options! the place is literally beautiful, and when i say 'place' i actually mean places because they have many locations all over the city!in terms of prices, it is a tad expensive but if it's something you want to experience, the price one time won't break the bank. the coffee i had, a cappuccino, was probably one of the biggest cups of cappuccino i've had aside from being one of the strongest and prettiest ones lol thumbs up for latte art always!i've been wanting to eat here for some time, but for some reason everytime i tried they were close already, very unfortunate.today, i made it there before closing. we had the goddess gringo horchata which is espresso mixed with rice milked topped with cinnamon and the strawberry matcha latte. the drinks were amazing. the matcha latte was made with real matcha, you can actually see the film of matcha in the froth, the strawberry balanced out the bitterness of the matcha without overpowering it. it was a nice mixture.we also got the baker's chopped salad and the vietnamese salad. each so perfectly seasoned with the right amount of dressing. the ingredients were fresh and well balanced. i recommend both salad.we unfortunately didn't get to try the desserts because we were stuffed, but would go back to try their carrot cake.my favorite go to place in chicago!!! if you are in town during the fall / winter they have a one of a kind pumpkin cake with cinnamon dulce frosting !! i love dessert so when i saw the tiramisu infused cold brew topped with a biscotti i knew i had to try!!!super cute bakery. the rainbow cake was tasty, and not dry, and made for fabulous ig picture. it is a tiny bit too sweet, but tastes good washing it down with drip coffee. i like that the place is self cleanup, and there is a self serve station for your coffee.tl;dr - i would classify this as bakery/cafe as \"every item is a photoshoot. also, the food is decent\" type of place. go go go if you want pretty drinks + pastries to take photos of!this cafe specializes in more obscure types of drinks - my friends and i enjoyed an apple oat milk latte, a golden glitter latte, and an iced strawberry matcha latte. all were enjoyable, if a tad sweet. plenty of seating as well. a little pricey (a specialty drink will run you about ~$6) but right in line with other hipster type cafes. some standouts:- the golden glitter latte: surprisingly good, and no grittiness or plasticky taste, which is good considering you're basically eating glitter.goddess and the baker is a unique, health-conscious, artisan bakery, juicery caf\u00e9 and coffee shop with gluten-free an vegan pastry options.i got a morning glory muffins which tasted good. i'd like to pause from my muffin assessment to point out that there is an entire menu section called \"liquid chocolate\". i don't really have anything else to say about the muffin.there were several different coffees on their coffee board including drips, and pour-overs. i had the jumpstart chicago brothers after asking for the boldest tasting thing. it was ok. definitely a little acidic for my tastes and not as strong as i would've liked.my wife had a ginger pineapple tonic from the juice menu which tasted a whole lot of pineapple without having without much of the other juices that were supposed to come with it coming through (including cucumber orange coconut water and ginger.) the juice presentation was really kind of extraordinary with all kinds of leaves, stalks and flowers shooting out of the top. it's almost worth getting a juice, even if it didn't taste great, just to see one.they were out of oatmeal (which my wife wanted) so they offered anything else on the menu as a replacement (which was awfully nice). my wife got the granola which she thought was tasty and satisfying.she also got green jasmine tea from there somewhat extensive tea menu, which she thought was floral and tasty. there were lots of things on the menu which would have suited our separate vegetarian and gluten free diets, like breakfast sandwiches, toasts salads, other sandwiches, and many other baked goods and types of drinks we didn't get to try. we definitely would come back and try a lot more from this menu with particular attention in the future paid to the liquid chocolate menu.i wish our server, or the person who took our order was a little bit more about what was going on, she had trouble making a coffee recommendation...she said she didn't drink coffee and got confused when i asked if i could have my coffee in a mug (as opposed to in a paper cup). she also took the touchpad away before i could select the type of receipt i wanted and she made a selection for me.they also serve alcohol, and three different types of water on tap... room temperature distilled call distilled and bubbly distill. so in the end it wasn't a perfect experience...but it was an intriguing enough place with many many options that would definitely have us give it another shot. (haha, shot...espresso...get it?)adorable little coffee shop/breakfast spot/ bakery. \u00a0stopped in on a sunday morning before we left to catch a flight and it seemed pretty crowded! seemed to me like locals come mainly for coffee. \u00a0we ordered an egg sandwich and the huervos rancheros and both were really good! \u00a0i got the nutella pastry which seemed super stale and blah. the coffee and tea that we both ordered were delish!more like a 3.5 stars.the place is cute, staff is all friendly but one girl who helped me wasn't the most competent or knowledgeable. she couldn't answer what baked goods contains nuts without constantly asking another guy behind the bar. the menu didn't seem to reflect everything they had of the day. for example, there was no espresso brownie though it's listed.i got the honey latte and rainbow cake. call me basic but i had been eyeing on the pretty colorful latte art for awhile and which was one of the reasons why i stopped by. i was told that they no longer make it... honey latte was yummy but very sweet (with the whole layer of honey on the bottom) but definitely very honey-y. rainbow cake was yummy and pretty but also very sweet.the rest of the big box of baked goodies i got was good overall, slightly too sweet for my taste or it of my family.tldr; cute, trendy cafe where you can actually get work done maybei was first drawn to this cafe because i saw an instagram photo of their rainbow cake. then i immediately came here so i can also instagram a picture of their rainbow cake :pi expected the cake to simply look good but not taste amazing, but it was surprisingly tasty! the sweet matcha latte was a bit too sweet in my opinion, but still pretty solid.i also loved the decor and ambience of the cafe. it's a great place to socialize and catch up with friends, but they also have ample seating inside, so you can also get some work done as well.i was very disappointed with this store. a pro was that the decor was beautiful. when i arrived there around noon, the pastry and cake choices were minimum . everything seemed over priced sigh. i ended up only getting the ginger pineapple tonic. it was ok, loaded with tons of ice so very watered down.the service here was also subpar.foods were fresh and tasty in appearance; services were adequate, efficient, warm, and able to meet customer needs; the facilities and services were pleasant.five stars is not a high enough rating for this awesome little caf\u00e9. it's everything i want in a coffee shop + more; homemade baked goods, large selection of coffee drinks, breakfast sandwiches, relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff. i only had the chance to eat here for breakfast (we were only visiting chicago, i do not live there), but it was the most pleasant morning. i had their mayan mocha which is spicy, sweet and rich, accompanied by one of their amazing sunrise burrito (anything with avocado; sign me up). the staff was super helpful and nice, considering this was our first time there, and helped recommend some items. by the time we left, we had baggies full of baked goods to snack on later. it's a beautiful little shop, very quaint (so not a lot of seating). if i lived near here, i would be at this shop every week. highly recommend and can't wait to visit again!my company's chicago office is nearby and i came here for breakfast the other day. \u00a0the breakfast sandwich was decent. \u00a0very fresh and i liked the bread. used the yelp check in for a great cup of coffee. \u00a0 staff are super friendly. \u00a0i'd love to come back sometime to try some of the baked goods.awful service for mediocre overpriced food. i bought a pop tart for almost $5 at the wabash location, which im willing to do for a good product and experience, on occasion, sat there waiting while the guy behind the counter fussed with signage, moved around boxes, after 5 minutes of him doing this with no interested in my order, i had to pop my head back there and yell \"um hi pop-tart please\" and even then he acted like he was trying to win a ballet award for most slow and fluttery employee. did not care about me and the other woman waiting, didn't ask if i wanted it warmed (which i did) and i was late for work. for a $5 pop tart... \u00a0i tried to message someone about my experience, and two weeks later not a word. clearly the people who think this place is great don't actually live here in the city and don't know any better which is why goddess and baker will continue to be able to get away with their crappy business.this is a cute little cafe that was on my \"chicago bucket list.\" i loved their rainbow cake! it was not too overwhelmingly sweet, just enough to satisfy my sweet tooth and give me more energy to walk around the city. i liked the atmosphere of the cafe, very cute and hip, however it was really difficult to find a spot to sit and enjoy my food. all the tables were taken up by people working on their laptops and the communal table in the middle were also pretty full. overall it's a great cafe to stop by, rest your feet and reenergize, and the location is also great. if i lived here i'd come every week!this little gem in downtown chicago was worth every minute and penny.we stopped in for a late breakfast, and it didn't disappoint. i had one of the breakfast sandwiches, a solid ham, egg, and cheese sandwich on sourdough toast with some delicious aioli. i had a cup of the chili, which was excellent. unfortunately i finished it before i thought to take a picture of my meal.the breakfast was finished off by one of the best cups of hot chocolate i've ever tasted.there was a fairly short and quick line to order, and food came out fairly quickly. the communal seating was a bit awkward, but i was at least able to fire up my laptop and get some work done while i waited for my food.cute coffee shop in the city near jeweler's row. \u00a0goddess and the baker offers a mix of coffee, mixed drinks, and a variety of bottled drinks as well as baked goods and lunchtime items like salads and sandwiches. \u00a0upon arrival, we were immediately greeted by the baking staff despite the long cashier line. \u00a0the staff was very helpful in making suggestions. \u00a0we tried a matcha latte as well as a glitter latte. \u00a0glitter in your latte. how cool is that? \u00a0every girl's dream. \u00a0we will be back.the apple butter oat milk latte is so good. good place to go if you are visiting the city as it is a bit expensive, but there are lots of unique desserts and drinks to try. (a couple of gluten free options for dessert)found a fly cooked with my omeletthe thing is the waitress and store manager never apologize but kept denying the fly is from their kitchen while clearly it was cooked into the omelet. after ignoring me for quite a while, they just offered to make me a new omelet, when i already finished eating my omelet but only discovered at last minute there was a flygreat, huge, bountiful, and delicious salads. it's everything that a salad should be, according to a salad lover with high standards. :) you can add a protein to any salad for a small upcharge. this place doesn't skimp on quality ingredients either - i ordered the super seed avocado salad and it came with half an avocado!! who does that anymore?? most places are stingy with avocado anything so to see such a large portion of green goodness in my bowl was a pleasant surprise. you'll be challenged to finish the entire portion - i was.which sadly, is why i had zero room left for anything else so wasn't able to try out other menu items. if you're in the mood for a quality salad, head here. i wasn't disappointed.this is a cute place to get coffee and bakery items.coffee was very good.however it took over 15 minutes to get our order.plenty of staff but very disorganized.they forgot or lost my order.had to go ask for it twice before receiving.will give it another chance.the best spiced mocha ever.just the right amount of heat. i apparently need to put cayenne in my coffee!i literally just left this bakery, i can't believe what i just witnessed... my office is downtown in the loop. \u00a0i was in the mood for something sweet so i decided to walk up and down wabash to see if i could find something. i came across this place, i saw all types of desserts displayed through the window. i decided to go in to observe the baked goods they had on display. one of the ladies asked if i needed help, i explained to her that i never been there before and i needed some recommendations. she begin to explain each dessert, and as she was talking, i couldn't help but notice that there were tons of big ass ants all over the food!!! the crazy thing about it, the employee appeared to be so used to it that she didn't even miss a beat as she was pointing to each individual item. oh my god!!! i had to play it off, i had to \u00a0act like i was contemplating on what i was about to order then i walked out when she turned her back. absolutely disgusting! i feel like i have insects crawling all over me right now. i will definitely be calling health department.what a great impromptu decision to walk into this coffee shop while exploring chicago. the drip coffee was fantastic and full of flavor (thanks to the yelp check in offer for the win on free coffee!). the barista recommended the vegan banana muffin, and i must say it was one of the tastiest muffins i've had in a while.they offer a variety of milk options for you to tailor your drink, and this place has you covered with their self serve water station if you prefer your water sparkling, cold or room temp. i really enjoyed the atmosphere and energy of this place and was sad that i had to leave before being able to check out their happy hour. i'm putting this on my go to list for the next time i'm in the city.goddess and the baker is a cute coffee and desserts spot. i came in just for some iced coffee. i chose the \"gringo goddess\" (i think that's what it was called) which had an horchata flavor, mmmmmm! very yummy! they have a wide variety of desserts which looked delicious, but i already bought some else where. darn haha. good \"pick me up\" spot!highlights: hip vibe, beautiful and tasty arrangement of pastries, and unique and delicious drinks! friends i've taken here all love the atmosphere of goddess and the baker and it's a great place to grab a snack, or a coffee for that 3pm slump, or to meet a friend over some coffee/tea!cute cafe space and decor. on staff recommedation, ordered the cinnamon roll, nutella pop tart and 2 macarons \u00a0(salted caramel & rose). with a check-in, obtained a free drip coffee. coffee was great!rose macaron and nutella pop tart, not so great. could not taste any specific flavor in this macaron. the poptart dough was too thick, dry and overly flaky/crumbly, thin chocolate icing fell off in large pieces, and nutella filling was barely present. salted caramel macaron was nice, but i wouldn't order macarons here again. cinnamon roll was delish. wasn't in the mood to try their rainbow cake ($7 a slice!) but they do offer a wide variety of pastries and other brunch-like, savory dishes. i would come again for their coffee and, like others have mentioned, the ambiance.seemingly an overnight sensation to those outside chicago, the fact that debbie sharpe's goddess and grocer has been serving citizens globally-influenced sandwiches since 2004 unknown despite many visits between 2008 and 2013, it was based on strong reviews that a mid-day break was taken at goddess and the baker on south wabash avenue, a second location further north noticed one day later but the first visit enough to satisfy curiosity about the concept.originally opened in 2015 and quick to gather followers in the age of instagram, rainbow cakes and decorative cookies matched to flourishes of interior design making for great photos, it was during the lunch rush that doors were entered at the far end of goddess' counter, slow progress from left to right allowing plenty of time for decision making though the lack of overhead signage may see those placing large orders forget items along the way.doing panera-plus volume and thus reliant on scalable recipes, prices for myriad coffees, teas and frappes high but not deterring those heeding advice to \"eat now caffeinate,\" it was after paying nearly $20 inclusive of tax and tip that a number was taken to communal seating, nearly ten minutes required to slice and plate two pieces of cake after another pair of items were bagged.expectedly popular with students from nearby art institute of chicago as well as tourists, proximity to shopping and millennium park generating plenty of foot traffic, it was beginning with goddess' multi-layered wedge that soft sponge was found divided by ribbons of buttercream, the sweet-on-sweet mostly what one might expect to find at a wedding while the carrot cake was similarly layered but bright with spice and cream cheese icing plus nuts and raisins added for texture, though the caramel sauce was entirely unnecessary.opting to take the bag elsewhere as goddess' overly-loud stream of pop will quickly grate on the nerves of most born prior to the year 2000 it was after just one bite of a dry snickerdoodle that the rest was set aside, one look at the interior of a cinnamon roll that looks more like bread with frosting enough to lower expectations but the actual taste even failing to meet those.wish there was one of these here in miami! in just 3 days we visited this bakery 3 times! always left satisfied. had coffee, hot chocolate, golden milk and a breakfast meal. gets pretty busy, and seating is kind of crowded but we were able to see past that. can't wait to visit again!liquid chocolate w buzz: like drinking 3 hershey bars - in spain would've been 1/3 the size, though when shared with 4 ppl for churro dipping it would be this big brownie: rich, dark, fudgy, but nice. carrot cake: big, not super sweet, goodgreat place for a quick bite. breakfast, lunch, snack, anything this is a good spot. i ordered a chicken club and it was amazing. simple but the bread was so fresh, mind you i ordered this around 5pm. i wanted to get the rainbow cake but they were sort out. they have many many many other sorts of pastries. fyi, if you check in you get a free cup of hot coffee.i loved the decor of this place. probably one of the coolest places that i visited in chicago. i used their current check in offer on yelp and i got a free drip coffee out of it. gotta love it. my wife got their strawberry bread which was very good. it had a legit strawberry flavor not a fake one. i ordered the cinnamon roll which was good but very very sweet. was only able to finish half of it because it was too sweet. this is a really cool place to come in and relax with a cup of coffee and some pastries.tl;dr- get the cake. any cake.i got a slice of the rainbow cake (specifically for ig, dont hate!) and i was surprised by how good it was. legit. the cake was moist and the frosting was such a perfect compliment! they also have sparkling water on tap. yes thats right.iron man omelet - yum!apple butter oat latte - double yum!sparkling water tap -amazing!!!this is a fantastic little breakfast/brunch spot. even though it was busy, the order line moved quickly and food was brought out surprisingly quick also. there are some patio tables outside and inside a mix of smaller and communal tables, all seating is based on how lucky/patient you are. ;)it's actually been nearly two months since i ate at this cafe (just was visiting the city for a conference), but i've thought about it a few times since, wishing it had a twin where i live now. definitely try it out!my favorite coffee spot in chicago. delicious baked goods and yummy coffee. great vibe too! just love it!deliciousness!!! nice variety of drinks and bakery items. i got the apple butter latte with oat milk, yummy!! and the chocolate pecan pie, so so good.my boyfriend found out about this shop before our last trip to chicago and i'm so glad we came, i can't wait to go back next time we go to chicago so we can go here again!!i'm so disappointed i didn't buy all of the food i wanted here-- they have so many baked goods and pastries and they looked so perfect!! i only had a cinnamon roll to split with my boyfriend. it was kind of crumbly and starchy for being pretty early in the day, so i don't know how old it was but it was still pretty good!! but what we were really there for were the boozy coffee drinks. i got the chrysanthemum honey liqueur latte and he got the jamaican coffee (rum, kahlua and coffee!) both were perfect.my daughter and i stopped in yesterday afternoon for a cup of coffee.she ordered the honey wildflower latte which she enjoyed. i ordered the mayan mocha. my daughter warned me that it has a lot of cinnamon in it, as she had tried it on an earlier visit. i have had hot chocolates with cayenne before so i was excited to try it and \u00a0i love cinnamon. unfortunately she was incorrect- the cayenne not the cinnamon accounted for all the spice.there was cinnamon in it but the cayenne just totally overpowered everything else in the drink. if you have a headcold then this is the drink for you; otherwise, i do not recommend it. \u00a0i ended up adding a lot of half and half to it and then i could drink it. the place itself is nice and you can order your drinks for there or to go. the food looked good so i may stop there for lunch one of these days and perhaps try another of their drinks as they had some interesting ones.delicious and cute shop but they change things up too much! :(i've been going to this location for several years now as i work right by it. typically i just order things to go as it is pretty hectic to order and wait in line during lunch time. most of the time things go smoothly and the food is tasty, but the reason for me deducting 2 stars is from them changing up their menu, not always for the best. i originally fell in love with goddess over the kale and toasted barley salad. i started ordering it 3-4 years ago and would often get it once per week. i loved the big box of salad that came with the multi-seed crisps, yum! one day i ordered it though and they changed things up -- the salad started coming in a shallower container (noticeably less food), and they started chopping it/preparing it differently. i tried it for a while but it just wasn't as tasty and they also stopped giving the seedy crisps with it. this lead me to stop ordering it all together. bummer! :(now on to the avocado toast.... oh man... this has also been one of my favorites on the menu. i've been ordering it for years, and just went today to find out they switched this up too!! :( :( it used to come topped with a delicious herbed ricotta. i just opened my box up today to find it sprinkled with cotija cheese instead. because i frequently order this online ahead of time, i don't read the description each time, i just trust that i am ordering the same delicious avocado toast. i looked back and can see they updated the description, but i wish they would have renamed the item to warn that it is different -- i don't think i would have ordered it if i knew it now came with cotija cheese. not sure if this is just a temporary change, but i would advocate to bring back the ricotta -- it just goes so well!finally, i haven't ever left a review for goddess before, but my only other comment would just be about consistency from order to order. i've ordered the avocado toast probably a hundred times, and sometimes the accompanying arugula salad is completely drenched in dressing and is soggy, other times it is completely dry as if a handful of dry greens was tossed on top. i love the days when it comes out just right -- nicely dressed but not soggy. i would hope there would be a way to make this more consistent from time to time. hopefully this change isn't forever, but i'll probably be taking a break for a while because of this.i think i've found my favorite cafe here in chicago! this girl have been searching for a cafe that can serve a good cup of matcha latte since the last time i was in chicago and i'm so thankful to find it here. i needed a place to chill while i waited for my friend to clock out of work and found this place that was close by. the decor of this place was super adorable and cozy at the same time. i went to the other branch they have on lasalle, but it didn't have the same feel as this one.i ordered the matcha latte and also the dripped coffee. first sip of the matcha and i was in love and decided that this cafe will be my spot from now on. the dripped coffee was also strong and woke my butt up! i wanted to tried other drinks they have on the menu beside the matcha latte so i tried their detox tea. i forgot which one i had, but i remember it has lemongrass in it. i like it and recommend to add a bit of honey to it because it's on the bitter side. another drink that i like is the honey wildflower latte. the perfect amount sweetness to the espresso. make sure to stir it up since the honey is at the bottom.goddess and the baker is an adorable coffee shop and bakery known for their famous slices of rainbow cake. this location on wabash is a quick hop, skip, and jump away from all the shopping on michigan and state st. i came here for something to eat after a little shopping endeavor. walking in, i was impressed by how nicely decorated the shop was. this is any instagrammer's dream: nice bright signs, adorable decorations, and pretty pastries. there's also plenty of seating. a huge community table is in the middle of the bakery and a few side tables line the walls too. however, there aren't too many outlets here. so, if you want to get some work done here, i would highly suggest making sure all your electronics are charged before spending a few hours here.aside from the adorable decorations, they also have an expansive menu filled with lattes, tea, alcoholic drinks, sandwiches, salads, cakes and more! all of these items range from classics to specialty items. i decided to go with the honey wildflower latte and the santa monica turkey sandwich w/ a side of chips. both items came out to me very quickly and were equally delicious. i especially enjoyed the honey wildflower latte as it had a hint of sweetness from the honey but mostly carried that great coffee taste we all know and love. overall, i think goddess and the baker is a great place to hang out with friends while getting coffee and other good eats. while they do offer a good amount of seating, it is often crowded. so, be prepared to wait for seating or take some items to go!we stumbled upon this cute little cafe while walking down the street and i'm so glad that we found it! photo advertising in the window does work, people! the matcha series caught our eye and pulled us inside. there were so many specialty drinks that i wanted to try but we picked the iced matcha strawberry latte and hot rainbow cake latte. his matcha strawberry latte was really good, with just the right amount of sweet strawberry. it was comparable, if not better, than the version at boba guys! my rainbow cake latte tasted good but wasn't as sweet as i expected...at least it was pretty! i wish i had ordered some of their delicious pastries in the case, or even the matcha smoothie bowl, but i wanted to have room for other food stops. definitely one of the better coffee shops i've been to, and it's nice that it's so close to everything in the loop.pretty decent spot! i love their coffee! fun menu with avo toast and other such \"\u00a0trendy\u00a0\" items. cute for instagram shots (plans, neon lights...). worth a try if you're in the area for a switch up from starbucks!conserving this is a bakery i was hoping for some less industrial baked goods. definitely was a long shot from a panera or corner bakery, but still left a bit to be desired. one thing that sets them apart are the fun bakery items like rainbow cake and unique frosted cookies. would not recommend this place for large groups. there is one big long table and many 2 seater tables. note, cash is not accepted, which i found a bit odd...but hey!the three stars for this excellent eatery is because of the lack of service.not being a millennial i know that i expect too much however we had to ask for our coffee three times and each time we were told it was coming. after it became evident it was not coming i went to the counter and was told i had been asking the wrong person and and to order it again. it finally did come out (served by the same person i had been asking).the food was excellent. i had the breakfast burrito and she had the avocado toast. both of these dishes were filling and shareable. we certainly did not have to order two items to become full.the goddess and the baker is a busy place and they do a great volume. for us the food was excellent if not a bit pricey but then that is expected in this part of town.just love this store's branding in general, but the other location has the cutest decor-this is a great spot to get some coffee and sweet treats. it also offers a small offering of lunch items that will keep you wanting to linger longer.goddess and the baker has some really friendly staff and reasonably fast service. there is some nice seating inside, but it's limited so you might need to take your coffee to go.i love coming in to check out the dessert as they seem to rotate their baked goods seasonally. if you're in the loop, you should definitely visit!goddess and the baker is a really trendy spot to get coffee/ tea and a snack in chicago. there are plenty of options both on their drink menu and on their food menu, but you'll find that many of the items on the food menu are on the sweet side. it looks like they have many pastries and drinks that rotate out seasonally and there's something for every set of tastebuds here. one of the big draws of goddess and the baker is the giant \"eat now caffinate\" sign located inside the restaurant. you'll notice that it seems to have a magnetic effect on tourists looking for a cute spot to get a drink, snack, and instagram post all in one. the staff is very nice and helpful when it comes to making suggestions for drinks from their vast menu. the one major downside of goddess and the baker is that due to its popularity, it can be hard to get a seat inside the restaurant. you'll often find that people are actively hunting for seats big enough to accommodate their groups, but generally everyone is civil about it.well, i just love it. however can only give the high three because of the cramped quarters here. one long communal table, three two tops, and a couple comfy chairs in the front window. the counter space seating is a bust. people waiting in line brushing up against your food or staring at your goodies. (not those goodies! though....)anyway, rainbow cake is my thing here. i've had their specialty coffee drinks and found them unmemorable otherwise, i'd mention. lavender something or other maybe it was. the counter display of sweets is beautiful and the staff is friendly enough. i'm appreciative they have complimentary sparkling water. i like the decor/the vibe. i'm talking myself into four stars. they really are nice here...and a halloween e-mail...ok round up...4 stars!if this were a rainbow cake only review - five stars. though i thought about getting an appetizer last visit, i skipped it due to it being so people-packed and with limited seating. the perils of being popular, i suppose!a wonderful place for a cup of coffee or tea, however, the cakes are too sweet: we had carrot cake which was ok and a rainbow cake - not impressed. they use a regular vanilla frosting, whereas it's much more flavorful if stuffed with mascarpone cream .i've been twice and twice i had high hopes. but each time i left unimpressed. the avacado toast and yogurt parfait i had were just...average. and it was very crowded all the time so finding a seat was a bit of a challenge.cakes: 3.5/5service: 3.5/5ambiance: 4/5overall: \u00a0took a couple slices to go and it was pretty good. \u00a0a lot of selection here so i was only able to get two of them! \u00a0the extended review...cake:raspberry lemon cake - the cake was very moist and pretty good flavor was pretty good. \u00a0the raspberry jam definitely was more prevalent in this particular cake.cookies and cream - the chocolate cake layers were very moist. \u00a0good frosting flavor though it seemed to be not as creamy as it was stiff. \u00a0service: the waitstaff was ok. \u00a0perhaps it was because it was closer to closing tim that they were not quite as attentive and they were focused more on cleaning and getting out of there.ambiance: a cute place to chit chat and have a sweet treat.i was in downtown chicago looking for french bakery ,and end up whatever yelp showed me . after i order few items and come to register , they said they won't accept cash \u00a0i didn't have my credit card \u00a0and i had to run to get my husbands. anyways they should have sign on the door \u00a0or here in yelp , saying no cash accepted. or workers should warned me before i ordered . because my husband and my little baby \u00a0was waiting in the car \u00a0it was too much wasting time . i didn't feel the customer service professional either . i got home and had my 2 different kind of gluten free cupcakes, it wasn't fresh or tasty either . at least i didn't disappointed from rainbow \u00a0cake . it was fresh and delicious \u00a0i could've give 5 star \u00a0here , because of customer service , 2 old muffins and no cash \u00a0deals disappointed me . i think downtown areas should be number one \u00a0i'm not coming back because there is so many other bakeries has so much to offer in the area .came back a second time with some friends last month. knowing that you had to go up and order rather than them asking made it easier. my friend was confused at first, just as i was the first time i went, because there's no sign that says \"order here\" and no employee tells you either. the weather was perfect so we sat out on the patio. cake slices were big and delicious as usual. my friend was concerned that he spent about $14 on a cake slice and latte, but i reassured him it was worth it. he loved the carrot cake and was impressed at the size of the slice given to him! still knocked a star off because of the service. our table in the patio was the most enclosed in the fenced area. aka it was hard to get out between the 5 of us and two other tables filled with people. when the waiter brought us our cake, we asked for forks and he said it's inside. we looked at each other for a split second and he left. so..he can tell it's hard for us to get out and yet doesn't offer to get us forks. he came back again a second time and we subtly hinted again if he could maybe get us forks but he did not.i get that maybe it's not in their job description because it's located in a self-serve area, but a few forks would be nice! *tldr; cakes are a must, order at the cashier, grab water, forks, and napkins before sitting down.*this is a cute bakery/cafe and they have a wide variety of items to choose from. their baked goods have adorable designs/decorations. there's plenty of seating and seems like an ideal place to work on your laptop or to catch-up with friends. however, beware of their prices -- they charge a lot for their items, but i'm not too sure if the quality is consistent with the prices.i wanted to try out the s'mores frappe, but the cashier said they no longer had the s'mores frappe. i browsed over the menu again and saw they have a different frappe item and the cashier said they they no longer do any frappe drinks. i wish she had told me that in the first place.rainbow cake was amazing! a\u00e7a\u00ed bowl was overpriced for the amount (like a small hospital side size bowl) and was warm; which was sooo unexpected and gross. macaroon were old; very stale and not even stored in a refrigerator or cooler of sorts. the person working recommended some sort of apple oat coffee; worst thing i have ever tasted! two stars for the friendly staff and the amazing rainbow cake.also, nothing is labeled so it can be tricky to order without running back and forth between counter and register.this bakery is so so gorgeous. all of the treats are eye candy and the ambiance is very cool. i walked by with a friend during my first visit to chicago and knew i had to stop in.when you check-in on yelp, you get a free coffee which was perfect. since we just had eaten lunch, i opted for a smaller treat. i got the rose macaron which, i'm sorry to say, was a disappointment. the shell was crunchy and the entire thing just tasted like sugar. i took one bite and had to throw it away. i'll assume i just ordered the one thing on the menu that wasn't fresh because everything else looked amazing and my friend had no complaint about her order. i didn't have a great experience but i'd give them another chance with a different item.cute cafe with a communal table. it was very busy. they have baked goods, salads, sandwiches, and juices.super cute coffee shop near millennium park. we went at about 3 on a saturday afternoon and it was packed, be prepared to take it to go or sit outside! i got the gold latte and it was the perfect amount of sweetness and rich espresso, the glitter was also a fun addition! i don't know if i just had gotten a piece of cake that was older, or if all the cake tastes like that but to me it tasted stale and like it had been sitting in the refrigerator for awhile. lengthy specialty drink menu that i would come back for again to try different drinks!absolutely love this hip little coffee shop! i've been here three or four times in the six months i've lived in the city. i love the presentation of the brew coffee - the small size is $2.79 and it's good coffee, not bitter at all like the brew coffees at starbucks. i've ordered the avocado toast and the breakfast sandwich. both were excellent and very reasonably priced. they have an array of pastries and sweets. also an amazing looking coffee drink menu that i have yet to order from. goddess and the baker is a must try when you visit the city!such a cute caf\u00e9 with amazingly delicious healthy food!! and some beautiful sweets too. located right across from the silversmith hotel where i stayed, goddess and the baker was packed when i arrived on sunday during brunch time. there are not a lot of seating inside so you might have to wait for a chair. the middle table is like a picnic table. then there's two people tables on the side and some high top chairs. there's also a very cute lounge chair area by the window for two people and a small table outside. the menu includes fruit, yogurt, sandwiches, salads and a bunch of pastries in the window display. everything i ordered was great! avocado toast:\u00a0the sourdough was nicely toasted. the herbed ricotta plus smashed avocado was such a creamy savory blend. they really complimented each other. super seed avocado:\u00a0the mixed greens was really good with clementines. and it was my first time having avocado with chia, flax and sunflower seeds and wow!!! it was so good. crunchy and squishy, savory and peppery. a\u00e7ai bowl: the\u00a0a\u00e7ai tasted very good, lots of banana flavor. it was topped with granola, coconut flakes, chia and flax seeds. the to go \u00a0size of the bowl was more like a cup. i think the dine in size is a bit bigger. small issue in the bigger picture though.walking by on wabash this place looks very appealing and while they offer some tasty treats they also offer bad service and rude employees, don't waste your time or money! i watched them frustrate countless customers while we waited forever for our order to go!delicious treats that will delight your senses. the meticulousness with which the baked goods are decorated and presented is impressive. get ready to spend about 5 bucks on a scone. good thing is the space has a large table accommodates a large party if needed.we ate breakfast here twice! i love it. they have amazing croissants and super yummy coffee!the shop is small, but we were able to find seats for all three of us both mornings. i think this was the best americano i have had!their pour over coffees are quite yummy!service was fast and the servers were great.oddly it's credit card only and they do not accept cash!read so many positive reviews about this joint and how it can serve \"gluten-free\" patrons and people with food allergens.however my experience here was lack luster as the cashier had no idea what gluten was and had to ask the chef. they did have gluten free bread however which made up for it, the lady was also slow as a snail and i asked her about gluten free cookies, treats, and she said hold on like i was a burden and then i said never mind because she had to go \"ask\" again. i'm glad she asked and didn't lie but literally train your employees on food allergies. when we type \"gluten-free\" on yelp search and you pop up we want to know you actually are gluten free. also the rainbow cake, make it gluten free. cmon! however excellent interior, beautiful smells and scents. the train passing by is awesome.loved the matcha latte. avocado toast was also yummy. the chicken bahn mi is ok, not bad flavor wise but a bit on the smaller side, chicken was kind of dry.awesome ambiance, fast service, and a line out the door. actual coffee was a bit acidic for my taste, but the cherry pie totally made up for it.love this location. the friendly staff and of course my honey wild flower latte.if you're looking for a meeting place or just a go-to spot to chill, get some work or reading done, i recommend g&b. but don't linger forever. seating is limited and other people may want to have a seat and enjoy the ambiance. (and sweet treats.)this was a cool, funky cafe. i got a couple slices of cake and tried the last spinach and feta croissant. i liked the designs and atmosphere (and the adorable containers of sak\u00e9)... the cakes were great textures, but i thought the carrot was much better than the chocolate (the icing overpowered the cake part). all best fresh!i could have the apple butter oat latte and matcha and chocolate loaf everyday, if i lived here.omg i love this spot! you can't miss it and should stop by this place. first i went in for tea in the morning and then juice later on that evening. i absolutely love the decor of this place and location. i'm defiantly coming back to this place whenever i'm in chicago again. thanks goddess!i didn't enjoy my visit to this location. the tables and seats were dirty, with crumbs and used cups lying around. one table was broken and tilting. i ordered an earl grey tea that tasted like soap and was undrinkable. the available wi-fi was private and login information was posted nowhere. and the in-:store music was loud and made it impossible to think. i don't know how people manage to get any work done in there. i won't be trying again.eat now caffeinate is their motto (which hangs as a huge theater marquee lighted sign on the back wall). i was a bit skeptical about goddess and the baker, because they're doing a lot of things. coffee, tea, juices, beer, wine, boozy drinks, baked goods, breakfast, toasts, salads, sandwiches, soups, and snacks. i'm often wary of places that try to juggle too many menu items at once, as they often fail to do anything of them right. when i first came into goddess and the baker, i was parched and needed a drink. i opted for their ginger pineapple tonic, which had pineapple, ginger, cucumber, lime, orange, and coconut water. the juices are juiced fresh in-house, but they are pricey. i did enjoy my ginger pineapple tonic though, and i liked my bf's kale apple cooler (kale, fuji apple, cucumber, lemon) too. the next morning, i came back here for their matcha lemonade. i'm a matcha fiend and it was difficult to decide between all the matcha offerings here (latte, lemonade, or tea), but i ultimately decided to go with the lemonade. i'm very glad i did, because it was really good and i finished it very quickly. i also ordered a sunrise burrito, which has eggs, cheddar, black beans, avocado, and pico de gallo. the sunrise burrito was decent, although i've had much better breakfast burritos from california so my expectations are high for any kind of breakfast burrito. i would definitely come back to try more of their drinks (e.g. goddess gringo horchata, mayan mocha, honey wildflower latter, butterscotch latte, matcha latte, s'more frappe), toasts, etc. the space isn't too big, but there are a number of tables (outdoors too) and the interior is modern and hip. i'd definitely come back for drinks!we had breakfast here on a saturday morning in august. it was very busy and loud. seating is mainly long tables that you will share with \u00a0other guests, though there are \u00a0some individual tables as well. we ordered a breakfast burrito and breakfast sandwich with avocado, as well as an early grey lavender tea and a hot mocha for drinks. the food was just 'ok'. my sandwich didn't taste like much, and it seemed more like a sandwich made with toast,than a toasted sandwich. the bread was just hard and crumbly, and the rest of the ingredients seemed oddly set apart from the bread, not a cohesive meal really. overall i found it disappointing for the price point, a $35 price tag on two drinks, two breakfast items and a fruit cup. i wouldn't specifically seek out goddess and the baker again for breakfast, but i might return to check out some of the baked goods.i so wanted to like this place very much. \u00a0 when you walk in it's so cute and there is a great variety of coffees, teas, pastries, and food to choose from. actually, we liked the coffee quite a bit. \u00a0 i got the goddess gringo horchata and my bf got a mocha frappe. \u00a0both were quite delicious.my problem lies in the service. \u00a0 i'm a food service worker myself and i give a lot of allowances and mostly never complain. \u00a0however, when i'm unhappy with the service it usually leaves a very bad taste in my mouth. first there didn't seem to be any sense of urgency. \u00a0 not that i like to be rushed, it wasn't that. \u00a0the kids at the register just didn't seem like they wanted to be there. i finally get to order and am asked if i want the mocha frappe large or small. \u00a0i say large and the barista pops over and says it only comes in one size. \u00a0 i reply this is ok and the girl at the register tells me i can only have the smores or the almond joy frappe. \u00a0well i don't want either, i want a plain mocha frappe (which is clearly on the menu.) \u00a0then the barista gets annoyed looks at me like i'm an idiot and says you can have a mocha frappe but you can only have it in one size. \u00a0 listen if i was being irate i can maybe tolerate this answer but i wasn't. \u00a0 i actually didn't say a word because i was thinking about which my bf would rather drink. \u00a0 don't be mad at me because the girl at the register has no idea what she is doing.then i had to wait a very long time for 2 drinks. \u00a0it was a good 5 minutes. \u00a0there were 2 people who ordered behind me (one at the other register and one behind me) and they both got their items before i did.i also ordered a muffin which i know she heard me say because i had to tell her twice what i wanted. \u00a0 i didn't get a receipt (technology) but as i'm waiting to get my drinks i realize i have no muffin. \u00a0 i go back to the girl and she can't even remember serving me! \u00a0 i was standing there in front of them for over 7 minutes. \u00a0 you don't remember me? \u00a0i do the math in my head and realize she never rung me up for it and then she tells me oh i can ring you up for it. what? \u00a0no thanks, i do not want it any more. \u00a0we decided to sit instead of taking it away and no joke the 2 people at the registers were just standing there talking and laughing. \u00a0 seriously do some side work. \u00a0 maybe clean the dirty tables or greet the customers as they walk in. luckily the coffee was very delicious and i'm sure that muffin would have been as well.modern american style bakery and cafe! love their drip coffee a lot! service is good too! to be honest, i love their savory food better than desert... cup cake is a little bit disappointing because frosting is too sweet and cake is too dryit was my first time visiting chicago and by a friend's recommendation, we chose to stop by for an afternoon snack. interior decor is really visually-pleasing with big arm chairs window-side and bright. it felt like i was at some cool hipster cafe in la or nyc. the array of pastries at the front counter of the store is featured behind glass and is plentiful but on the pricey side. we decided on getting a snickerdoodle cookie ($3), matcha chocolate chip muffin ($4), and a strawberry matcha latte to share ($5). the drinks menu was pretty unique and hard to choose from! they offer a good selection of trendy drinks and although the person who took my order seemed new/confused about the featured ingredients in the strawberry matcha latte, it was very rich in matcha and delicious! the cookie was fairly large and on the thick side and i liked how the cinnamon flavor came through. the muffin was warmed which made the chocolate drizzle on the top all gooey and tasty, but the only qualms i had with this muffin was that it did not remotely taste like matcha. in fact, when i cut it down the middle with a knife i saw large green specks throughout the muffin, indicating that food coloring was used. it honestly just tasted like a green chocolate chip muffin more than anything. but the cafe is a cool place to check out, very close to touristy areas like the bean and millennium park!i had a avocado salad. the cabbage and lettuce was brown on the edges! \u00a0plus the person didn't know how to cut it and i got a lot of of the thick stems of the cabbage. gross! the only edible thing was the avocado and the mandarin orange pieces. . .but there was a pieced of the peel in my salad too! poor poor, quality control here.plus the cafe looks like its going downhill. they use the shelves up the wall for storage and it looks unsightly to see the cardboard boxes stored up on them. \u00a0they should be in the back.the pictures online doesn't look like the inside.this cafe is different from your neighborhood coffee shop that just serves coffee and scones. their variety of sweets is extensive .they had green tea cupcakes, cakes , lemon tarts and macaroons and even sugarfina candies. \u00a0i got the matcha green tea and you can see they use real tea leaves. the macaron was delicious.this place is a splurge and crowded since it's on wabash. \u00a0i wouldn't recommend this place for studying since it noisy but great if you want try a cafe with a with a lot of interesting treats.stopped here for a quick coffee- they don't take cash, which is fine. their menu was long, but not really that extensive? i got a cold brew with oat milk and it wasn't bad. it tasted fruity to me, but was still good. it's a cute place and had pastries, cookies, cupcakes, etc. and was packed inside. service was quick and staff was friendly despite being so busy.stopped by for lunch and did not realize then how many different savory options they had! i decided to choose a delicious vietnamese salad bowl full of glass noodles and a whole bunch of fresh vegetables. i had a freshly squeezed drink called morning glow and mostly contained carrot juice, my favorite! just one thing i would like to add, i am allergic to pineapple but it was garnished on the side of the glass without it being listed on the menu. i questioned it and the server kindly told me it was just a fun garnish. i'm glad they offered me to make a new one just to be safe. overall, i enjoyed my experience there, it was a very relaxing, healthy lunch!great coffee shop and close to the loop! they have a entirely menu section called liquid chocolate. as a huge chocoholic i was instantly in love. i had the almond joy frappe and was transported back to my childhood when i used to eat them all the time. they mimicked the taste perfectly. my friend got some type of brownie? didnt taste it but it looked delicious. the wifi worked well. they have the cutest sign (i'm on a mission to find all the instagramable places only) as well.why 4 stars then? space issues. i understand this place is near the loop and cramped. but while we were there and waiting for seats it was clear that some other customers had been there for much longer and showed no signs of leaving. one such person was just chatting on her phone long after all her food was done while we were cramped into a corner. i can't blame the business entirely for this \u00a0i understand that it can be hard to tell a customer to leave but it made our experience *and many others* much less enjoyable. overall i would return-even if only for the liquid chocolate drinks but maybe at a less busy hour.visiting from dc, this was my favorite drink spot in chicago. i ordered the iced honey wildflower latte after seeing it online... and boy, was i blown away. the honey was floral and prominent without being overpowering. the drink was refreshingly sweet and milky in a way that let the flavor of the coffee shine through. a really great drink for a stroll in the park or by the water! definitely coming back to try more of their items next time :)the location and overall feel of this place is fantastic. everything you look at is adorable, from the neon signs on the wall to tiers or rainbow cake. all this paired with fantastic and inventive coffee and great, high quality dishes make for a great experience.that being said, the prices, for the food especially; are slightly outrageous. i payed nearly ten dollars for a tiny a\u00e7a\u00ed bowl, and even with high quality ingredients, i'd could not have been worth that much. it's definitely a good place to come to for a special occasion or a treat yourself kind of day. come for an experience, a good instagram picture, and some good coffee but don't expect to leave with your wallet unscathed.very cute atmosphere here! limited seating i would say though. it was quite a wait to grab a seat for two as many people are here to study or just killing time before a flight. my friend and i both got iced matcha lattes, a speciality drink, which will run you ~$5 for a smaller cup (one size, probably equivalent to a grande at starbucks). we both agreed that the drinks were great and we could tell the quality was much better than starbucks, no chunks of green tea powder to be found. the aesthetics in this place are unreal and it's definitely a super cute place to have a coffee chat!first time visiting chicago & i love the coffee! after 4 1/2 years of nursing school, its one of the few coffee places that got me wired. came in with 10 other family members and we were treated well and loved everything that we bought! even met the general manager jason, who made sure we enjoyed our experience. if you come to chicago, this place is a must! everything is well organized, has a hip ambiance, and everything is delicious! -la touristafter scouring yelp, for a coffee shop in chicago that serves matcha lattes i've finally found you!this review is only for the matcha latte and it is bomb dot com. will definitely be my go-to when i get the matcha craves.will be back to try the vietnamese iced coffee and their desserts.wonderful find across from our hotel. \u00a0liked it so much we went back for lunch! \u00a0the place was packed, right up to closing time with locals - always a good sign! \u00a0the design in the raspberry mocha is a delight but the taste is what brought be back. \u00a0had the caprese chicken for lunch, nice crunchy bread and good flavors. \u00a0the vegetarian in the mix also appreciated the veggie options. \u00a0only one size coffees and they are a bit on the expensive sidetwo words: rainbow cake. it was fitting that we visited during pride, but i mainly wanted to try it for the novelty. i am happy to report that a) it actually tasted really good b) no weird colors afterward if you know what i mean (if you don't know what i mean, google blue 1 or what happened when people ate too many peeps-flavored oreos). the main impetus for my visit to goddess & the baker was the avocado toast though! it was delicious - it came with a spread of avocado as well as a bit of ricotta. i added an egg on mine. i also liked that the bread it was served on was more dense & very toast like! perfect vehicle. cute spot - will definitely be back. they have various locations!super good coffee lovely pastries and very good breakfast at this place. lots of healthy choices as well. really good atmosphere and energy hear any kind of drink latte you want you'll find!great place to stop for breakfast. the layout of tables make things a little cramped, but it's a great way to meet people. the kale apple cooler is great if you're sick and need to get some quick vitamins. i'm looking forward to trying the rainbow cake and i'm still thinking about the avocado toast. with every bite you can hear the gnashing teeth of boomers for spending your money on a healthy breakfast instead of giving it to their index funds. nom, my fellow millennials. nom on the best of breakfasts and a must stop spot in the beautiful city of chicago.came here for breakfast. had the ironman omelet. it was healthy meal and tasted ok. the coffee was good and i enjoyed it a lot! they have good variety of coffee here!no matter what time i go to this place it tends to be crowded. and i've noticed that they still haven't managed this well for some time. as a result, the wait time on food can be long.however the food has been decent as well as the customer service. recently i had the barbacoa benedict which came with mexican braised beef, poached eggs, and avocado. while the meal was good the poached eggs were a bit overcooked and the food wasn't hot, which is always disappointing.if i'm honest with you, i only frequent goddess and the baker for their absolutely amazing ambiance. food and pastry always stun as well, but i'm all about these marble counter-tops and rich oak-looking table tops. it makes work feel efficient. did i mention their amazing music choices? right now, some fantastic funk music is blaring through the speakers. while crowded here on a late lunch hour of 1pm on a thursday, it doesn't feel chaotic --- it feels strangely exciting. you have to understand, this bakery is incredibly crowded, so if you need to love your introvert at a cafe, this is probably not the locale for you. however, if you need a bit of noise to cancel out the pounding in your head, if you want to sit elbow-to-elbow with some folks and really get to know someone well in proximity if not through conversation well---look no further.if you're a sucker for a well-designed space, super friendly staff, and music that makes you want to jump up and start dancing, this is your place to work. if you love pastry that is well done and cheerful, also your place. they also have the best, healthy sandwiches should you choose to dine. but, i usually err on the side of a coffee (drip) or tea (jasmine). tea is a bit pricey at $3.89 given the convenient location between millennium and the green line on wabash. music-lovers and workaholics rejoice---this is your safe space.i love the atmosphere of this place. it's minimalist in a homey kind of way and the bright colors with lots of sun make it pleasurable to hang out there. they also have community seating so it's easy to meet people \u00a0- that is if they are in the mood to talk.i got the chicken club sandwich and honestly i've had better. chicken was dry and the thick-cut bacon wasn't cooked all the way through and was chewy. i was expecting a slice of avocado but there was only a minor smear on the top bun. then there was lettuce, mayo, bacon, tomato, and then the chicken and then the bottom bun. i suggest to put the mayo on the bottom bun to keep the chicken a little moist. sandwich anatomy 101.i do like that you can sub a fruit cup instead of chips for no extra charge.holy moly this is fabulous. the honey wildflower latte and the persian tea are both divine. and the blackberry lemon cake is moist and tasty without being excessively sweet.i came here twice. twice.it was super busy both times, but they manage the lines well and keep it moving. the second day was a little longer wait, but it was all good as i had some cake, and other baked goods to nibble on while i waited.the coffee was on point both times. craftily made, creamy and delicious.vietnamese cold brew: cold brew and condensed milk shaken over ice. i don't usually like cold brew, but this was amazing....i do like condensed milk, which is the reason i got this drink haha.goddess gringo horchata: espresso, rice milk and cinnamon over ice. i love horchata, and while my friends back home make the best horchata ever, this was pretty good. it was a nice cold treat on a hot morning.i'm guessing the goddess is the barista...the baker...well, that's the baker. and this baker is legit.i had multiple bites, but my favorite was the rainbow cake. not only was it amazing for instagram (don't judge me), it was delicious. moist, sweet, perfect.the decor here is great. it's got high ceilings and feels very open/airy. the acoustics are good, so even though it was packed, it never seemed *tooooo* loud. the staff is also a+, super attentive and nice.food:+ strawberry matcha latte+ goddess sweet cream cold brew + black honey almond matcha latte+ iron man omelette+ santa monica turkey sandwich+ rainbow cake+ raspberry matcha cupcakei think we spent a good amount of money and time trying a lot of things from their menu. we left stuffed and ready to walk it all off. our expectations were high based on all the beautiful pictures we saw. the strawberry matcha latte was definitely the favorite out of all. i liked that it wasn't too sweet. on the other hand, the other drinks were a little too sweet for my taste. i could barely taste the coffee in the sweet cream cold brew, and the black honey almond matcha latte tasted pretty standard. the multigrain breads for the omelette and sandwich were both stiff and dry so neither my friend nor i finished them. not much to say about the food.. the raspberry matcha cupcake frosting had a wax-like (?) taste to it but the rainbow cake was pretty good. however, the dessert and drinks were beautiful and picture-worthy!great splurge on a cold sunday morning but it is pricey. cute spot and good location and good for a stop while strolling the downtown area. drinks were standard - good quality and done well. chocolate croissant, excellent.everything looks absolutely amazing. only issue is that on a few occasions i've gone, the looks didn't really translate into a great tasting item. i don't know if it's what i pick or what, but the things i get tend to be not as soft as i'd hoped or as sweet. will continue to go back because i enjoy it for what it is and know it'll come through for me at some point!first time herehad an iced mocha it was a tad bitterthe place was super super cute but crazy busytook about ten min to get a drink to go which i felt like was a little long for a coffeethe desserts look fabulous i didnt try them thoughthe line ups are a little confusing but maybe just because its small inside and too many people were there at the timethe decor is amazingthey do not take cash credit and debit only \u00a0 this i found really odd but i had my card thank goodness.a tiny bit priceyi'm giving you three stars not because of the food, but the music. and not the genre, either. \u00a0i'm sorry: i realize this sounds like a curmudgeon, but there's no reason to be set to night club volume at 8 am. i kept on asking the cashier to repeat her questions and finally said something. she just gave me this \"yeah, i know\" look and did nothing. ok, fine. the huevos tostada was decent (seemed a little like layered nacho dip tho). so was the coffee. but i had to sit outside by the l to get a little more peace.stopped by since someone recommended me to this place and from outside it looks nice and appealing due to their sign that on the bottom it says gelato. \u00a0when you come in the place looks a bit retro and modern at the same time, big sign on the wall eat now caffeinate is a very nice and welcoming sign. \u00a0to your left right away you see the menu on the wall and pastries right in front of you. asking you to take them with you, and i did eat some there and took some to go. \u00a0at the time i got there it was early so not a lot of people but as time passed by it got crowded and people were standing by waiting for a seat, so get here early. \u00a0you order in front and they will bring it to your table, the service was nice. the drinks were great and the pastries too, i enjoyed it, will come back.i was annoyed because yelp brought this up as an ice cream shop but they just had gelato they brought in from somewhere else and put in the freezer. the cookies and creme (oreo) was not good, really hard.the special rainbow swirl drink was good! the sherbet was awesome. they also have glasses of water for free fyi.there is pretty limited seating, but the interior is really trendy and well decorated. a lot of people were there working on their computers, hanging with friends, etc. but there weren't a lot of outlets. convenient location in the loop.short line when i was there. employees were decent, not great.this place is phenomenal for the coffee and brands they carry. \u00a0they have it all, drip to espresso to coldbrew to nitro. \u00a0 the rainbow cake is the signature in them which is probably the greatest bakery item they have there. the employees are beyond helpful. this is one place i will not purchase macarons from. i purchased on 4 different occasions. i just want to like their macarons but i can't. \u00a0the last time i bought macarons from this place i purchased two of them. but the passion fruit was rock hard like biting into a sugar cube. i return the 2 to the person behind the counter and he only gave me one macaron from a different flavor that one flavor... you guessed it rock hard like a sugar cube. macarons are suppose to be soft but have an egglike outer shell... but still soft. for 2.50+ a piece, i would hope they fix this issue...i'm wondering if it's because they are left out on the counter? maybe refrigerate them and let a customer know to wait before consuming them.i paid $7.80 for one slice of the oreo cake. not only did i have to wait 10 minutes for the clerk to pull out a piece of prepackaged cake from behind the counter, the cake was not fresh at all and the slice was much smaller than the cake on the counter led me to believe. the icing tastes like it was in the fridge exposed to air for a few days. this is unacceptable at this price point. i'll happily go to magnolias around the corner.i can't write an in-depth review on goddess and the baker because all i had was a slice of carrot. however, i can say the cake was beautiful to look at, they give me a nice big slice and it tasted like heaven. is recommended getting the carrot cake if you happen to be walking pass this place and your sweet tooth is screaming for attention.very cute place that i wanted to love but was slapped in the face with sticker shock as soon as i walked in. i purchased two flower pot cupcakes for $11. i told the girl they were to go and she stuck them in an open drink holder. no cover, no box, no bag, nothing. i told the girl once again that they were to go and that i'd be transporting them on the train and she just shrugged. i had to threaten to return the cupcakes before she stuck them in an upside down cup and placed them in a bag. when i got them home they weren't even that good. the frosting was good but the cupcakes weren't very sweet and were kind of dry. i won't be back. subpar service for overpriced bakery is not my thing.what is the point of ordering for pickup if they wait until you're there to make the drink?! this location used to make my drink & have it ready when i got there according to the pickup time. but recently they are waiting to make the drink until i get there to \"keep it hot\" well i'm doing pickup for a reason- i'm short on time. i appreciate trying to keep it hot but pickup is pickup, otherwise i could've stood in linecute little coffee shop that's a good spot to whittle away at some work in. i came to goddess and the baker with some friends, having heard about this spot for some friends, but mainly having seen pictures of this place on instagram. naturally, that meant i had to check this place out. what this place really has going for it is the atmosphere. sure the eat now caffeinate sign is gimmicky, but i loved it. i ordered a rainbow latte, which wasn't really rainbow-colored; mine was just blue/green. it tasted good, but nothing out of the ordinary. i've heard the pastries/desserts here are good, but i didn't have a chance to try any. while it was busy, if you can find a place to work here, the table spaces are fairly large, and there are plugs in the wall (unfortunately, if you need some juice for your laptop, you're fairly limited to sitting at the tables hugging the walls).i can definitely see myself coming back to goddess and the baker when i want to get some work done. maybe i'll grab a dessert next time!management is rude and food, tho adequate, is quite overpriced- especially the bakery itemswow. this places was awesome! the atmosphere was bright and modern. the food was pretty good as well.i am obsessed with s'mores frappe, it was mind-blowingly good! \u00a0i had one of their homemade bars which was also pretty delicious. \u00a0 i wasn't the biggest fan of the rainbow cake although it was a well made cake. \u00a0i think it wasn't sweet enough for my liking. all in all this place is defiantly a spot to hit up if you are in the area!beautiful space with great selection! im persian so i got the persian tea and it was high-quality and authentic. my sister got the glitter latte which was very cute and gram-able. would highly recommend for an afternoon studying or grabbing coffee with a friendi can confidently say goddess and the baker is my favorite local coffee shop in the city. it's got great coffee, great food, and great people. i would highly recommend their bullet proof coffee and literally anything in their bakery case. in fact i challenge you to try and leave without getting at least one baked good. they are too cute to pass up! the line here can sometimes be intimidating but don't let it deter you, it moves faster than you'd expect. definitely put this on your list of places to show out of town visitors, much more fun than your \"local\" starbucks.third time's a charm, right? so i've swung by three times since my last review and decided it was time for an update. the first two times i went their wifi wasn't working so that was a bit annoying because i was trying to do some studying before class. seemed like the other customers were having issues with connecting to their wifi as well. however, i learned on my third visit that you can easily connect to the peach and green wifi.as for the drinks, i've tried the honey wildflower latte and sweet matcha latte. they were both really delicious. highly recommend those two. the baristas also do an awesome job with their latte art. i decided to give the raspberry matcha cupcake another try and it was way better this time. i could actually taste the subtle hint of matcha, which paired really well with my sweet matcha latte. it was basically the perfect combination for a matcha lover like me.this place is seriously always so busy! especially in the mornings. it can be a bit of struggle to find a spot if you decide to have your coffee there. i usually end up having to sit in between two other people at their communal table. not ideal but it happens. really wish they had more seating! but the turn over is fairly quick. it's not as bad in the afternoon. anyways, super cute cafe that's worth stopping by.cutest place ever!! i was in downtown chicago with a colleague and we needed a quick bite to eat! the atmosphere is very relaxed and colorful! the pastries and desserts are beautifully displayed and other items such as cups, shirts, etc are also scattered around the store. there's definitely a little bit of a urban style that mixes well with the feminine colors and touches. the food itself was really good. i got the open faced chicken salad with dill and it was fantastic! it came on three grilled pieces of sourdough bread with a couple of kettle chips on each. the dill was a great touch and bread was nicely grilled. macaroons were only ok, but i'm very picky when it comes to macaroons. would suggest if you just need a place to work or chill with a friend. if you need to take conference calls or want intimate conversation, definitely try a different spot. the music is soothing but is a tad on the loud side if you wanted someplace quieter.-modern urban slightly funky atmosphere.-interesting food and drink options including great coffees and a variety of fresh pastries. \u00a0they also have cool beers on tap for later in the day.-sandwiches and salads use high quality ingredients and are always good standbys for a quick lunch.-i will say the prices are quite high for what you get.i was super excited when i saw menu options and i thought this will be my go-to place as i work nearby. i had my lunch and i was craving for something sweet. perfect opportunity to go to a bakery! there was so many options to choose from but i decided to get a matcha muffin. i placed my order, paid and had to wait for 8 minutes until someone just picked up a muffin and placed it in the beg. eight minutes! (i remember it clearly as i had to return to work and i did not really had much time to spare). while i was waiting all associates seem to joke around caring less about my wait. when i finally received my food, i had a bite and it tasted more like a regular chocolate muffin, having no matcha flavor whatsoever. it had unnatural green crumbs in it that reminded me food choices during st. patrick's day and made me feel like it was a leftover after the holiday. i never trash food and i am very against food waste, but that muffin definitely belonged to garbage as i could not even finish a half of it. worst $4 i've spent..this was one of my last meals in chicago. it was walking distance to the hotel and we passed it several times so when i was finally cheesed out from all the deep dish i could eat, i ended up here. i ordered the vietnamese cold brew and santa monica turkey sandwich. my cold brew was surprisingly delicious. just sweet enough and just strong enough. it was good to the last sip! my sandwich was good as well. the bread was sturdy and hearty. i saved half the sandwich for later and it didn't get soggy or fall apart. the turkey-avo-arugula-tomato was a good combo, it's hard to argue with that. i browsed the bakery goods while i waited for my order. everything looked very decadent. i had to tell myself 'no' .... so maybe on a future trip.disclaimer: i had to go to both the wabash and navy pier locations to get what i wanted, so the review is really for both.i came here on a rainbow cake mission. much to my dismay, they were out before we got here. nevertheless, we bought a piece of oreo cake and set out to the navy pier location.once we had the rainbow cake and oreo cake in hand, we plopped down and inhaled both slices.i preferred the oreo cake. the oreo filling frosting they used is amazing -- just like an actual oreo. the cake is a solid chocolate cake. it's not dry or dense.the rainbow cake is good. the icing is sweet, and the cake is light.from what i saw, the wabash location seems like a cute place to hang out with friends and grab coffee.overall, i'd eat this cake again. i won't seek it out, but i'm glad to have indulged.this is a super cute spot! i have been looking for new study spots in the city and was happy to come across goddess and the baker. it was pretty busy when i got there but the service was fast! this would also be a great spot to catch up with friends or grab a quick bite. they have have a lot of open seating right in front of the windows, which is nice to get some natural light. i was doing work on my computer and the wifi is fast, outlets are located in good spots. -iced strawberry matcha latte: a little pricy, but it was delicious! as many have stated, it is just a regular matcha with some strawberry syrup so maybe next time i will opt for the plain match. -salmon kale cesar salad: it was a little bit smaller than i would have expected and pretty heavy on the dressing. overall was yummy but the salmon was just ok. wished that it was a little bit larger and that dressing was a little less. -carrot cake: also pricy ($7 for one slice?) but it was soooo good. i am a big fan of carrot cake and very picky when it comes it flavor. don't know if i can often get a $7 piece of cake but overall it was worth every penny. they have a bunch of other little treats, cute cookies, and other cakes that all look amazing! overall: i will return. this was a great study spot and the food was yummy. they also have a rewards program that you can sign up and earn points for! i believe every $200 points is $5 off or something of the like!this bakery has such a beautiful ambiance! the bakery serves drinks as well as baked goods. i got the matcha latte and got chocolate and it was very delicious for such a cold day out in chicago. the place has two long community tables and several smaller tables surrounding it. service was very quick and if you want to come in to check our a simple coffee if you check in on yelp you get a free 12 oz of coffee.this was a great spot for my wife and i to grab a quick breakfast and right around the corner from our hotel and the magnificent mile! i received a free 12oz coffee for checking in, and i ordered a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese, avocado, and tomatillo sauce. the sandwich was fantastic - filling but also light enough for the day's activities. my wife ordered the acai bowl and a honey wildflower latte. the acai bowl was very refreshing and light. she said she really enjoyed the latte as well. my wife couldn't get enough of the interior layout and design. it's a really cute setup with an extensive bakery display and some upscale wall art and decor. we also loved the containers they use for coffee.overall, we were very impressed and can see why it gets great reviews. it was well worth the price and convenience for our trip!convenient location in the loop. check in on yelp to get a free drip coffee. plethora of baked goods available! but i was craving avocado toast so decided to dine in. the young lady who took my order was cool. but the seating situation is not optimal. kinda small, mostly communal. after securing a spot, food came out rather quickly. i enjoyed the coffee but the avocado toast was just ok. for the price, i think i was just expecting a little more pizzaz? sounds slightly ridiculous to demand pizzaz of avocado toast but i think you know what i mean - it was just kinda basic. strangely, i actually really enjoyed the simple salad that accompanied the toast. go figure. i would stop by again to get a baked good and coffee to go.went here due to reviews but disappointed. hot chocolate was more milk chocolate then the rich dark chocolate i was looking for. \u00a0cupcake was cold and thus frosting was hard and not creamy as it would have been at room temp. was toldred velvet cupcake was with cream cheese frosting but it wasn't. just simple sugar frosting - too sweet for me. atmosphere was nice and i'm sure other coffee items are too as people seem to enjoy themselves.i noticed this place while walking back from the bean and i was enticed by the aesthetic more than food, i'll admit. it's an instagram paradise and the vibe is chill and artsy. if i had a studio apartment to design i'd want it to look like goddess and the baker. after getting lost in the color of the pastries in the display case i ordered a raspberry scone. i do not regret it. this is what scones should taste like, not the overly cakey things you find at other bakeries. my only complaint is that there was not enough raspberry. i'm more inclined to call it a scone with some raspberry on top- just not enough raspberry flavor to be called a raspberry scone. but the taste and way it was made make me forgiving. takeaway- awesome location, vibe, and goodies.this is a cute spot - i'll admit! but its very overpriced for the overall quality of its items. i ordered a strawberry matcha latte at around $6 (including tax) and it was good but their definition of strawberry matcha latte is to take their regular match latte and put strawberry syrup over the top which i was surprised by. their cakes are around $6 a slice, they look amazing - very instaworthy but i wouldn't say it's worth the price.this was a nice little cafe that we stumbled upon while we were walking around chicago. there is a large variety of pastries and drinks. it does feel hipster because a lot of juice spots give off that vibe, but their toffee chocolate chip cookie was so so amazing. the horchata latte was a little odd, but i appreciated that combination because it sounds tasty.there aren't very many spots to sit so this is better for takeout and grab and go. they also have an international section that featured japanese drinks like ramune.i also noticed that they sell the sugarfina gummies but in a green juice flavor! so interesting.i went to goddess and the baker for their iconic rainbow cake and that's exactly what i got! the cake was a bit expensive - over $8 after tax and it was really sweet but i'm not sure what else i would expect from cake. i wish the texture had been lighter, but that's just my personal preference. i don't think goddess and the baker would be my go to bakery just because it's expensive and the taste didn't really make up for the price, but its overall a lovely spot to grab a quick bite downtown. warning: it gets very crowded and finding spots can be very difficultcalled around to several bakeries to try to find gluten-free items. i definitely scored with goddess and the baker. they had plenty of items to choose from. i got a gluten-free chocolate chip cookie, and a gluten-free brownie and muffin for later on and tomorrow. not only were there items fantastic, but my boyfriend got a protein bowl and it took longer to make than anticipated. they actually admitted that they forgot to make it, and they credited my debit card without me even asking. top-notch customer service there. you don't get that often these days!i tried one item here after reading all the great reviews and looking at the pictures on yelp. this was the pistachio mocha cake which was absolutely fantastic. there were several layers to this cake and depending on where you took a bite, you'd get a different ratio of pistachio to mocha cream. the other elements of the slice were also fantastic, from the nice thin layer of chocolate to top the dish to the delicious fresh cream that surrounded it to the roasted expresso bean on top. the presentation was also wonderful.i'll be back here as soon as i make another visit to the area. as i looked at the other pastries and cakes, it was clear to me that there's a lot of thought put into every single item available in the bakery. i can't wait to discover the delicious flavors they hold.very trendy and excellent staff. good desserts and really great beverages. go for the coffee and drinks...enjoy the treatsthis cafe has it's own vibe, one of the most unique in the city!price: look to spend at least $5/drinkdrinks: i enjoyed their matcha. there are a lot of different types of teas.service: quicki'm impressed by their selection of milks and sugars. that was a pleasant surprise.why isn't this place in d.c! i bought the rainbow pride cake. it was amazing... even after eating it a day..two days later. they even had oat milk on the milk bar, for people who can't or don't drink milk. way to respect allergies and intolerances. i hope this place is still here when i visit again. this was one of the best cafes i've experienced on my short trip to chicago.i'm always on the lookout for good coffee shops to do work, and this is one of my new favorites. there isn't a ton of seating here, but there's a bar by the window with outlets and great natural light. the background noise may be a little high for some, but i didn't mind at all. i had their horchata coffee which was strong and had great cinnamon flavor, as well as a matcha latte which was yummy but a bit on the sweet side for my taste. for food i tried the breakfast burrito which was a very good, standard burrito. they have a cute, instagram-able sign and fun desserts as well.great spot for a quick healthy meal. the salmon kale salad and tomato bisque really hit the spot. lots of communal seating and natural light.i'm someone who usually doesn't eat cake but i'd eat the cake from here any day! normally, i find cake to be too sweet and artificial due to the frosting but this cake, the rainbow cake, is a must-try! it's very easy to walk past this shop without noticing but if you're ever in chicago and looking for something sweet, i recommend!i stopped in for the first time last wednesday to grab a snack and a cup of coffee after a meeting. i went with the wildflower honey latte and a gluten free lemon bar that i saved to have with my lunch later that day. i had a wait a decent amount of time to get my coffee (to-go) as there was only one person making both the hot and cold drinks. they had a wide variety of baked goods like cookies, bars and pastries but not a lot of breakfast pastries like muffins and croissants. i wasn't thrilled about my latte but i also wasn't mad about it, but i hoping for more of a floral taste and it just tasted like a sweet latte. tons of people were picking up orders to-go. this place looks like it has a good lunch menu and it would be a great place to sit down and get some work done or to go for a mid-day break. i will probably come back if i'm in the area again and need to grab lunch with friends or co-workers but for now i'm only giving it 3 stars. i think this place has a lot of potential - i really like the vibe and decor and think it has potential to grow on me.the idiot working today got my order wrong. he gave me a sandwich with carrots on it. i'm allergic to carrots. i had to throw away the sandwich. i'm taking this as an attempt on my life, so please tell that pretentious prick with dark hair and an emo haircut that revenge will be mine.excellent pour over and drip coffee variety. you will find a selection of fresh roasts from all around the country here. don't let yourself visit without a delectable homemade pastry to wash down the coffee. my seasonal favorite was he pumpkin bar. the staff that work here are incredibly friendly and aim to please all your coffee needs. there is a adorable retail area with mugs and take home items.just arrived in chicago for a conference and saw this place on yelp near me, but it was getting pretty late-i wasn't sure i would make it in time before they closed, but i took a gamble anyway bc it looked so good and basically ran there from grant park. i arrived like 5 minutes before closing time and all the goodies were packed away...the nicest girl behind the counter welcomed me happily and was so so so nice going through like 5 different desserts they had to help me decide what i wanted! ultimately went with an apple spice hand pie which i didn't eat until a few hours later but it remained crispy/flaky on the outside and appley gooey perfection on the inside. i definitely want to go back when i have more time to grab a drink and see all the desserts!this is overrated! insects in the display of the bakeries and lukewarm coffee. the worse is the pricing. they charge 75 cents for 2oz of almond milk in a cortado.santa monica turkey sandwich was delicious. the sauces completed well together with the avocado. chicken caprese my wife got was equally as good and was a warm sandwich, cheese was melted perfectly. bread was fresh on all the sandwiches. cookie was soft and crunchy.tasty coffee and delicious macaroons. very cozy place, i loved it! a little bit crowded so you have to wait for seats sometimescame in to grab a coffee and a cookie for my son. my latte was made. i am giving them cash and they respond they only take credit cards. i am a bartender and only carry cash on me. wtf? couldn't you tell me that before my kid got a cookie in his hands?! since when coffee shops refuse to accept real money?! it blows my mind.definitely not into the \"new\" avocado toast. it's packaged guacamole on mediocre bread. ambiance and coffee are wonderful, but the toast is definitely a letdown.what a great place for a good coffee and tasty food! the tea is also a great option for a fresh drink.the interior is very cozy, not noisy and good for a conversation!this is one of my personal favorites. it's a little pricey but it's always a fun stop to treat yourself. personal favorite is the mayan matchagreat drink options and solid atmosphere. wish they had more space. tried matcha, hot chocolate, golden honey tea all of which were great. lot of sweet desert options but not enough savory/salty to balance off. food is great too. def a bit pricey though but you are probably paying a bit premium for the display/atmosphere?after visiting the art institute museum in chicago, i decided to go to goddess and the baker. i loved the shop, because it was colorful and the ambiance was like a regular restaurant. i loved seeing all the desserts out and about in the little case. the gluten-free brownie was really really good. the caramel made the brownie stick together well. also, the mini pies were so cute and i loved sitting outside. unfortunately, i didn't like how they only accepted card payment and the l was noisy every few seconds.my girls and i followed the aroma of coffee and freshly baked goodies. located in the bustling city filled with tall buildings and honking cars, this gem filled with delectable treats was waiting for me, calling my name. being the avid sweets connoisseur, i anxiously stood in line while staring through the glass full of buttery desserts.my friends are all huge coffee drinkers, but for me, i would choose desserts over coffee.i ordered the drip coffee (free with purchase and yelp check in!) while all the other girls decided to go for the assortment of bougie coffee this cafe offered.i took a few sips of the mayan mocha and it was thick, creamy, and delicious. it was so good, i was tempted to get back in line just to order it. the long line won, and i decided i was already completely satisfied with my apple oat cookie and drip coffee.i'm currently in a cookie monster phase where i devour all the cookies i could get my hands on. the apple oat is this baker's current seasonal cookie. i was reluctant to place an order since i don't really like sweets with apples in it , but the cashier told me it was his fave so i decided to give it a shot. definitely was impressed- not too sweet and chunks of real apple.sooo good. would love to try out the other types of coffee and pastries this place has to offer next time i'm in the area again.numerous amount of drinks and snacks to choose from. finding a seat can be tough, but not horrible. also, they have cute merchandise you can purchase!very chic and cute little place, ya got here, goddess. this review is for lunches only, as i occasionally find myself strolling down wabash, wondering what to eat, and there you are!- quinoa and arugula salad is okay. was the egg really six minutes or six and a 1/2 mins? hmm...haha- vietnamese salad is excellent and unique- chicken banh mi is nice try, but plenty of other places in the loop to get a proper banh mi- santa monica turkey takes me back to california! very nice and healthy.lots of people here lap-topping it up over lattes and stunning bakery, and sometimes seating is all taken up. usually a to go for me in the summer months, but a-okay, actually.i really like the atmosphere at this bakery/coffee shop! it has a very chill vibe. you'll sit and notice all the cute little decors all around! the hardest part of being here is deciding what to order. everything looks so good! you also don't want to stand in line for too long. had to try their infamous rainbow cake since everyone raves about it! it's pretty good for breakfast! a lot of people can appreciate that it's not too sweet but has a nice vanilla flavor to it! frosting was tasty and not too sugary! i almost didn't want to eat it because it's so pretty!this place was amazing! such cute decor and the drinks were fabulous. get the mayan mocha - the spice was incredible!it's always a loud, lively setting, and yet, i always manage to be productive here. sandwiches (come with chips or fruit cup):santa monica turkey: 4.5 chicken ban mih: 4.5fruit cup: 4 most were ripe and tasteful. bbq chips and salt and vinegar - can't go wrong. drinks:gringo horchata: 4a refreshingly cold drink.mayan magic: 4hot drinking chocolate.service/ ambiance: 5wi-fi friendly.i love goddess and the baker and happen to be lucky enough to live next door to the lasalle location. i work next to the location on wabash though, and have to say that i like the vibe at this location even more (it is great at both though). the pastry selection always seems to have a little more variety at this location as well.the staff is super nice and always willing to explain menu items and ingredients to you. the baristas do an awesome job making drinks that are delicious and beautiful! they do some pretty cool and fun latte art which is not super common in chicago yet. check out my blog post about matcha to learn more about some of the awesome matcha drinks and food items that goddess and the baker offers.pre marathon dinner! great sandwich with creamy avocado and tasty bread. delicious soup worth gouda and bacon and pumpkin!amazing latte. really chill service. a great find in downtown chicago. i would recommend this place to anyone.two words: hot chocolatei do not like giving five star reviews so easily, but if any coffee shop deserves it, it is this one. goddess and the baker is the one of the best cafes i have ever been to. every time i am in chicago, i make sure to stop by and visit this spot. i also am hesitant to pay $5 for a hot chocolate and $3 for a macaroon, yet every time i visit here, i find myself spending way too much on my post lunch dessert.the atmosphere of this place is great. the way the desserts are organized and presented makes it easy for you to make up your mind. the menu has clear descriptions of what all of the drinks are so you know exactly what you are ordering. however, this place is usually packed, so it's hard to find a seat. your best bet is probably a to-go. also, it gets a little loud, so i don't think this is the spot to spend an afternoon studying or have an intimate conversation.i loveeee their drinks, particularly their hot chocolate. it's extra thick and creamy, but not to the point where you feel overwhelmed. my favorite drink there is the mama's hot elixer, which is this perfect combination of their hot chocolate and some other ingredients that give it a nice little kick. not a lot of places can pull of the \"spicy\" and \"sweet\" drink, but this place does it. their macaroons are also soft and tasty, but not too sweet. they also have a large variety of macaroons (maybe about 10-15 flavors). these are some of the better macaroons i've had.there's a reason i make an effort to visit this place every time i visit chicago. it is worth the trek and i would highly recommend it. it's a few minutes from millennium park and the bean, so if you're in town, i'd recommend making the trip to goddess and the baker.banana cream pie was quite good. the cream itself tasted really good, although the crust was a little bit hard. probably a good dessert to split. the store is extremely cute and has a nice upscale cafe vibe to it, good for getting work done or meeting with a friend. not the fastest service, but they serve the desserts on cute little plates and the staff are pretty friendly.not sure why i tried giving this place another shot, but they are still consistently bad. service is not great, food is over priced, and the quantity of what they serve you is almost insulting. check out peach and green a couple doors down and you will be satisfied.this place is amazing, super fresh food and fun juices. i tried the baker's chopped salad and the ginger pineapple tonic, great choices. the bakes items look good, too. wish they were in texas!great coffee and incredible atmosphere. right underneath the l too. decent selection of pastries and light bites too.this cafe is super cute but very busy on the weekends - it's best to try an off time or weekday to visit. i really enjoyed their coffee and everyone around me had entrees or desserts that looked mouth watering. great place to stop and relax (if a table is available) when you're in the city!visiting from out of state and came across this place. loved it. we got a blue majik bowl, iced chai, and matcha tea. all very good. the smoothie bowl was a little small for the cost, but was good nonecame with a good friend on st patrick's day for a late morning brunch. the place is always super crowded, and we wanted to eat there. it's much more of a take it to go kind of place because there's so little seating at this location. but i got a huevos rancheros and it was good. i got it sunny side up to break the yolk. my friend got it with scrambled eggs. don't forget to check in for your free drip coffee.good food, but haven't tried any of their yummy drinks. i'll save that for my next visit.-----------------------------------explanation of my rating system -5*: epitome of something, the best i've had, would love to go back4*: great food and happy to go back regularly, but not the best of the category3*: food is fine. i may spontaneously decide to go there based on convenience. but no need to go back either.2*: if you insist, i guess i'll come along. i'll find something to eat. but i wouldn't have picked it.1*: no plans to come back. i'll try to talk companions out of going.came in for a quick bite for lunch with my cousin before a concert! best option for a light and healthy meal for lunch or dinner! ambiance: we did have some time before our concert so we decide to eat in. the cafe was decorative in vintage/trendy/hipster word signs. a go to for instafoodies, and it walking around the cafe to see the little hidden decorations made the wait for our food just right! i really like the vibe of this place. it could be good for studying, quick lunch, and/or a casual date place! food: we got the avocado toast and southwest salmon salad with lattes! food was extremely fresh with delicious sauces! the salmon salad was my favorite even though i'm a sucker for avocado toast! loved how the salmon was prepared, not over cooked, but had a slight charred/smokey flavor to it and the fillet broke up very easily! the pairing of the tortilla chips were perfect!!! effortless and very tasteful lunch! the honey wildflower latte was amazing on the rainy day! my cousin and i loved our time here and will be back!this is a great place to have either a quick treat/breakfast/lunch/coffee or sit down and enjoy some time with your loved one. they have great healthy options and lots of bakery goods including vegan or gluten free desserts. i had their egg poblano cheese sandwich and it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches i've ever tasted. i also had their cream goddess coffee and omg i was in heaven. i will definitely come back. the staff was polite and fast. i suggest while your inline have your partner look for a table.went here on a saturday, around breakfast time, and it was totally packed. i love the interior because it doesn't easily give off a vibe as if it's a chain. they have an assortment of pastries but they're not that appetizing (like those with the over-the-top frosting.) i ended up getting a cup of mocha and oatmeal which cost me around $11. pricey but i guess i paid for the ambience, too.cute spot to grab a coffee and a pastry. the drinks were delicious and strong. the cookies were so cute and tasted great. a lovely place to work outside of the office and so many photographic elements.waited in line to discover the don't take cash. only credit cards. no applepay either? lame.back when i was in law school, i was a regular at goddess and the grocer. \u00a0it got to the point that they knew my name and i was mostly going there for cake slices which was a problem, but didn't stop me. \u00a0i managed to be visiting the last weekend it was open a few years ago so got some goodies, but figured that was my last chance. \u00a0staying at the palmer house in december, i was shocked to learn that goddess and the baker was just down the street. \u00a0i stopped in and sure enough they had the rainbow cake. \u00a0i had to get a slice to bring back to dc and it did not disappoint. \u00a0the red velvet and carrot cakes are my favorites.delicious and cute. i went to this spot as well as the other one nearby and both places were excellent (albeit a short wait). my latt\u00e9 and food were delicious and i got a bit of chocolate as a gift for my friend who i was seeing later. the ambiance is adorable too.amazing omelette and drip coffee! so many options!! super cute and hipster type breakfast/lunch/coffee spoti really like coming here! so far everything i've gotten i really enjoyed. their coffees have great smooth flavor and they have many desserts to choose from. sometimes it's hard to find somewhere to sit but it's worth the hunt. pretty place, nice colors, comfy and happy!this is my favorite coffee and breakfast place in chicago. truly the best coffee you will ever have and the food is on par with a five star restaurant despite it affordability. i highly recommend the smoked salmon plate or the sunrise burrito. come hungry and try a bit of everything, you won't be disappointed. or just order some of the delicious pastries and a coffee to go if you're in a hurry. the food comes to you very quickly despite it all being prepared in the spot and the staff is exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable about everything on their menu.total pleasure. i feel healthy and clean when i eat herei am super hopeful we just had a random horrible experience and not a common one. we showed up 10 minutes before they closed and wanted to grab some sweets to go. we are from out of town, ubered to get there, walked in, and the person behind the counter was beyond rude. she was packing up baked goods, didn't say hello, and would hardly answer our questions. there were people eating in there and we were not keeping them, so the rudeness and lack of friendliness was very disappointing. we all wished we would have gotten her name. i purchased the green tea and raspberry cupcake and a chocolate cupcake. we would have loved to order some cake or cookies or easter candy to go, but we were so turned off by the 3 minute experience. the cashiers were friendly and the cupcakes were ok. we would go back again just to try to better our experience and memory of this establishment.what a little gem right in front of the art institute. i'm so glad i convinced my boyfriend to make the 2 minute walk across the street instead of eating in the cafeteria.the people working there were so very friendly and attentive. the beautiful cashier (an exchange student from greece) took her time to chat with us. they gave us suggestions and even let us sample the gelato. let me not forget to mention that the place is very clean and the ambiance is very cozy as well. we ordered the gyro and the meatball sub. \u00a0they both came with a little side salad and were both very delicious (we couldn't have found anything close to this at the cafeteria at the art institute for sure). our food was ready fast and the chef even stopped by later to ask us how our food was.we decided to get some espresso and gelato for dessert. we had the pistachio and hazelnut flavors and they were both very tasty and thick.we had some spanakopita and apple pastry to go which we devoured later. they were both so good and fluffy. i like that their pastry and their gelato is not too sweet and of course that they're all made in house! so very impressed with the service and the hospitality. i recommend this cafe highly!i was really pleased to find this place within nearly a block of the hotel i was staying at. i ended up dropping in two mornings in a row. i visited at about 8 a.m. on a monday and a tuesday. i had a couple of egg/bagel sandwiches, and i ordered a bagel with cream cheese and a tomato to-go. very quick, nice service. it was not busy either time i visited; it was warm inside, and there was a comfortable sitting area with books. very pleasant.service is decently friendly but the entire rest of the experience was marred by ineptitude. ordered pickup for breakfast today, and they had no bacon for the breakfast sandwiches, and no cinnamon rolls. should've been my first clue.replaced the cinnamon roll with monkey bread and the bacon with ham. food was ready early, which would've been a nice touch, but we weren't notified, so the food sat on the counter and got cold.arrived home to find they'd put swiss on both sandwiches (i had ordered one with cheddar) and cold food. upon reheating it in the toaster oven, discovered mediocre food with really no redeeming qualities.didn't get what i wanted, waited a long time for the wrong food, and it wasn't even good. won't be back.small comfortable place with a sandwich, pasta, soup, salad menu. terrific buffet value at less than $9 for soup, pasta, pizza choices. a vegetarian pizza was so tasty i might have sworn off meat... if not for the equally satisfying pepperoni pizza. soup was described as a gumbo but unrecognizable as the cajun staple. more like a bland veggie soup with some rice. things just didn't quite work out this visit as much as i hoped. besides the bland soup and lack of salt on the tables a bathroom visit discovered the men's was out of order and the women's was short on tp, soap and paper towels. staff was pleasant and tried to please. worth a future try.nilly cafe's motto is \"create a little magic every day,\" which is definitely fitting, because it's a magical little spot in chicago.first of all, the cafe was adorable even before i walked in. i noticed their logo contained a cartoon witch, which is a mascot i personally think more businesses should feature on their branding year-round! there was also plenty of outdoor seating, which is always a plus during these warm months. i was pleasantly surprised at how large the inside of the coffee shop was, especially since it was in the loop near michigan avenue. there were plenty of open tables and couches, even though it was mid-morning in such a bustling area. the staff behind the counter was warm and welcoming, and i immediately noticed a giant spinning ice cream wheel behind the counter. i later learned that it was actually a gelato wheel. even better. i was there for a meeting and was pretty tired, so coffee was my go-to on this particular morning, but now i know that this is a great hidden gelato spot as well. their coffee was great, though admittedly i'm rarely one to complain about a classic medium brew. they sell lavazza, because nilly is focused on italian fare. their coffee was a little pricier than some other smaller shops i've visited, but they're independent and in the loop, so it kind of makes sense! nilly cafe was another impressive stop on my seemingly never-ending tour of chicago coffee shops, and i'll definitely keep it on my radar to suggest to others looking for unique coffee spots in the city!definitely a solid lunch in downtown chicago. not sure it warrants 5 stars because my sandwich was a bit greasy but it was delicious. got the summer sandwich which was mozz and tomato on delicious bread. came with this side dish that was lovely (had no idea what was in it) but i enjoyed it. 1 dollar drink if you buy a meal.they had wifi, cute place with a couple comfy chairs and plenty of tables. they also had gelato and coffee.amazing food! great service! great latte and monkey bread! come here! wayyyy better thank starbucksthis place was #1 in chicago? yeah, no. it wasn't bad, but it was nothing special. had what was basically an egg and ham mcmuffin--oh, with some ugly spinach on the side as ??? a salad?? but no dressing. to put on the muffin? i guess. anyway, there are certainly better options in the area, just look for them, unless you just need a quick bite. the menu is very basic.they have a big sign saying they don't accept cash. like a true customer, i didn't read it. i was focused looking for smoked salmon on their menu. i ordered a smoked salmon bagel and it was delicious. the lady who was taking my order was very accommodating and found some change for me and accepted my cash. this place was already my favorite breakfast place in the loop area when it was ge pa de caffe. now, i like it even more! they have more food options, good service and the prices are still very affordable.horrible. we ordered a \"fresh seasonal fruit\" yogurt parfait. i asked what the fruit was and they said \"we blueberries and a couple of other fruits\". the order came much smaller than i expected (for $6+ yogurt) and canned mandarin oranges only. i ordered an english muffin with peanut butter. it did not come with the order. when i asked if i could get it the guy said \"oh you want it?\" ummm yes. i paid for it. he then came back and said they were out of peanut butter. my boyfriend got scrambled eggs, bacon and an english muffin. his bacon was more like lunch meat and eggs were over cooked. his english muffin was dry. he was never given jam or anything to put on his muffin. we were never given napkins, either. none of the food looked good and the servers were delivering people's food to the wrong tables. it was a cluster f. skip this place.nilly cafe is a hidden gem with a wonderful baked good selection, healthy snacks and breakfast/lunch dishes.it is very clean, with friendly employees and a caring owner.pro-tip: it is a great spot to try turkish breakfast.everyone should come to nilly cafe! based on other reviews we stopped by when out and about on a saturday morning. great, peaceful, welcoming \u00a0location for coffee and delicious baked goods! wonderful, friendly owners and perfect breakfast sandwiches with homemade croissants. we will definitely return!i really had high hopes for this place. the staff was really friendly, but unfortunately, the food was horrible. i ordered a chicken panini without lettuce. when i got to my office, i realized they ignored my request and they put salad mix from a bag and barely any pesto on the sandwich. for the amount of money i paid for the sandwich i thought i would receive what i ordered and flavorful chicken.i appreciate the owner's comment but keep in mind it was not rush hour and i was the only customer.great place to grab a coffee, gelato, and even lunch! have had their gyros and philly sandwich and really liked them both. i live in the building and despite there being multiple places to eat, this is my go to. everyone that works here is super friendly and you never have to wait long. definitely worth stopping by for some creamy gelato.convenient outdoor dining - delicious coffee- you have to order at the counter and the counter help delivers the food- coffee is self -doctored a like a minimart- food served with stainless-flatware which is appreciated and the staff is super nice - my omelet was a bit cold but the service and outdoor dining experience trumped food temp- i'll returni only started frequenting this cafe recently, and i'm so happy i did. the staff are the nicest, happiest, friendliest people ever, and the food is delicious! it feels like you're eating freshly cooked dishes made in your best friend's kitchen (assuming your best friend is an amazing cook). just sitting here waiting for a coffee is a delight. nilly goes above and beyond to be kind and provide incredible service. they have won me over and i am now a loyal patron. thanks for being so great, guys!!perfect spot for anyone visiting the art institute. i work right around the corner and just found nilly cafe. it really is a hidden gem!! it's right off the brown line stop and the perfect place to grab coffee in the morning. the food is fantastic and they mix it up with new, fresh items all the time. today, i popped in for lunch for the first time and they had four types of homemade pizza. they even make the dough! i can't recommend nilly enough.this cafe is a gem in the middle of the city. everything we ordered was delicious - \u00a0gyro in pita bread, italian sub with meatballs, ham and cheese in croissant, feta and spinach roll. the latte ( forgot the name - they suggested it :)) was really good. the tres leches and the ice cream with italian cookie were yummy. \u00a0i understand that a lot of what they serve is homemade, that's why. :)  service was excellent. everyone was friendly and helpful. \u00a0highly recommended.service excellent but 9:30 being out of bacon kinda unacceptable. \u00a0 willing to \"refund\" for the bacon but so far nothing. had to ask for butter for french toast, rock hard frozen mini package, no butter for \"texas toast\" which looked a lot like white bread and the ham i think was oscar meyer thrown in a pan. looks like it has potential from pictures and the waiter/cashier but not the kinda breakfast you want to start your day.the cutest cafe in the whole chicago area. i work in the same building and this cafe has always been my go to for breakfast, lunch and coffee breaks. there are several coffee shops around the area, but the coffee they make is just so out of this world. it's so delicious that i can't help but get one every morning when i walk in. the food on the new menu is superb. everything is made fresh in house; even the pastries are baked fresh daily and you can tell by the most breathtaking smell when you walk in. not to mention, the service is beyond professional. food/drinks come out super quick and the owners are there to make sure every single customer that walks in is extremely satisfied. a true chicago gem!what a cute little gem. very warm and inviting atmosphere. the cashier was very friendly and welcoming during my first visit. he gave me plenty of suggestions and was able to explain little details about the foods i was curious about. i ended up getting a turkey panini and it was very good. the flavors were awesome and i honestly couldn't be happier with this little place. great for a quick lunch.i am a semi regular and have been coming here since before it became nilly's. \u00a0the owners and staff are great and way more friendly than the previous team. \u00a0the baked goods are amazing. \u00a0but i have noticed in recent weeks that they seem to be cutting corners with their coffee service. \u00a0the coffee seems weaker than before and you now have to pay extra to have them add cream/sugar to your coffee. \u00a0if i wanted weak coffee i would go elsewhere. \u00a0lavazza coffee should not be weak. \u00a0hope that they go back to allowing you to fix your own coffee and that they add more grounds or less water.definitely not #1. we came to get something different. the yogurt with ganola and fresh seasonal fruit came with some kind of jam but without any fresh fruit. telling the service about this, they were \u00a0so sorry and would tell the cook... the croissant with ham and cheese, as well as the crepes (more an european pancake)were okay.nilly cafe is how i start my morning every day. the coffee is always fresh and the service is always amazing. the atmosphere is very cozy and welcoming, you feel right at home. i highly recommend nillys as a way to start your day.this is one the best places in chicago. a friend and i came here and fell in love immediately. the owners are the most genuine and nicest people i have ever met. i wanted a cinnamon roll (which they make fresh daily, along with everything) but they were out. they offered to make a whole new batch. i wound up getting the grilled chicken panini. easily the best panini i have ever had. from the presentation to the taste, amazing. highly recommend. the gelato is absolutely amazing too. if you're looking for a cute, quiet place to study with great food. go here. you won't regret it.this place was pretty good, people there were really nice. give it \u00a0a try if your in town.this place is absolutely a hidden gem! i have tired their spinach and feta pastry, aegean scramble and a delicious cup of latte! they were all very delicious. i also liked the uniqueness of the some of the items that you can't find anywhere else such as special home made jams, pastries, bake goods and sandwiches! it definitely reminded me old days when i was back in my country right next to aegean sea! the atmosphere was very cool and quiet, if you are planning on catching up some work on your computer this place is the best option right in the middle of downtown chicago.wonderful food with a excellent service in a cozy environment. the nutella crepe was to die for !wow! we were greeted warmly by everyone working here including nilly the lovely owner, the food is delicious , super fresh (all baked goods made on site) and the atmosphere is just as inviting. highly recommend!came in for a snack and a coffee. would have been satisfied with a plain croissant or granola bar. instead had the most amazing almond croissant and cinnamon roll ever. delicious lavazza coffee, homemade pastries that knocked our socks off, and a nice handmade touch to the presentation. it was quick and they came out to check on us after bringing our treats. will definitely be back!if i could rate nilly cafe higher than five stars, i would. i am absolutely blown away by the kindness of the staff. not many people know about this place, and as a foodie, i can easily say it's one of the best hidden gems in chicago. so incredible. i ordered pancakes, and a friend ordered a panini. the presentation was amazing and the taste was even better. the staff went out of their way to accommodate us, let us try out different gelato flavors, and decorated our pancakes beautifully. everything is homemade!!!! i can't wait to come back over and over again.i really enjoyed my meal. i had a spanakopita, at nilly's suggestion, which she later said she made herself. i also had a gyro, which i found refreshingly light and tasty. the cream caramel latte mixed well with the food and was delicious. my wife had a greek chicken salad. i would have given everything a 5, but she voted it a 4. if we could get a 4.5, then that might be more accurate. as middle eastern fare in a cafe goes, i'm giving it a 5.do visit this hidden gem! fantastic staff, omar is great and will make you feel at home. excellent coffee, sandwiches and pastries. i will try a panini next time. the gyro sandwich was great and had an iced coconut coffee (lavazza)....delish!best breakfast in chicago! homemade goodies were very delicious, ham and cheese croissant was very fresh . egg with pepperoni was my  is very smooth and creamy . very friendly staff .tank you nil you made our days yummy and wonderful .incredibly friendly people. i was looking for breakfast at noon, and they had it! varied menu, breakfast all day. french toast was good.small and quiet.had the best iced latter made by the friendliest barista. i don't know his name but he was great! definitely come back herewent here today with coworkers for gelato. look the gelato is actually decent but when one of my coworkers asked to sample multiple flavors they reused her spoon after she tried each flavor. literally she tried a flavor, licked her spoon and ate the gelato, asked for another flavor then the woman asked for the spoon back to continue to grab samples for her. the woman working said it was for recycling purposes but honestly this is unsanitary and gross. now all i can think of is all of the germs and dirty spoons with strangers spit in the gelato that i had. this needs to be addressed because it is disgusting.great little joint for a latte. smooth jazz makes for a mellow ambiance. staff is super kind and attentive. check it out!coworkers and i staying in the loop for business. \u00a0up early and after reading reviews went to nilly for breakfast. got there at just before 7. coffee and sweets only and no cook. seriously?1 other patron at time of order.ordered toasted bagel with cream cheese.10 minutes later...i had to ask about my bagel.more waiting...out comes a cold bagel with cream cheese.i was extremely supposed by how affordable this cafe was! we ordered breakfast (for 3) and drinks and our total was around $22! the food wasn't anything remarkable, but still good. they actually forgot our order lol, but we're so apologetic and gave us a scoop of gelato for our inconveniences. i highly recommend the italian cookie flavor!staff was super friendly. \u00a0i had the smoked salmon and cream cheese croissant which was delicious and hot chocolate. \u00a0quick service... will definitely be back!have had a few of the pastries here and they are very good, unique and homemade. the owners are very nice and do a great job creating the dishes. the tall young man behind the counter with fab style is also a great addition, he makes everyone feel welcome.i was visiting chicago and saw that this had great reviews and was close to my hotel so i stopped by for lunch. the owner, nile was extremely friendly and makes everything from scratch daily, including the pizza dough and pastries! she and jeremiah were friendly and attentive, going above and beyond in their service. the food and coffee were delicious and i would absolutely recommend nilly cafe to anyone in the area.one of the best brunch spot in chicago! the owner and the servers were so nice and kind, the food was delicious and also the ambiance was great! quiet place to work/study/read. will definitely visit again!this place is a gem! the manager omar is the best, he knows what customer service is all about. the whole staff goes above and beyond. their food and coffee options are wonderful... with homemade specialty lattes and pasties. lavazza coffee! yum! i'm visiting chicago and i've been here 3 times in two days if that tells you anything. it's a little hidden at the bottom of a business type building... \u00a0but come and find it! angel cream latte - amazing.such a cute little cafe! it's really close to the art institute and opens before the museum, so it's a great place to grab a coffee and breakfast before heading over. the owners and staff are all so sweet, you can tell they take pride in what they do. i ordered a vanilla rose latte and my barista recommended a different rose flavor combination (angel cream and rose, i think?) that was very delicious. they also make most of their pastries in house! i got a pistachio gelato which was excellent--super creamy, tons of flavor, and a generous portion at a reasonable price point. considering the proximity of this cafe to millennium park, i think it's definitely on the cheaper end of the spectrum and the quality can't be beat. plenty of seating options, including comfy leather armchairs that you can relax in. oh and the whole place is spotless! super clean but still feels cozy, not sterile. overall i'm very impressed. it's an adorable family owned cafe that bakes their own products and makes most of the items from scratch. what's not to love about that?", "60637": "harper caf\u00e9 is arguably the best coffee shop in hyde park. they play some of the best music i've ever heard and conversing with their baristas makes me feel very sophisticated. i'm a big fan of their london fog--who knew that i'd find a little slice of london, uk in chicago, us :-) !!if you're feeling hungry, check out their vegan food options. so delightful!!i love harper caf\u00e9! it is so conveniently located and always poppin'. the baristas are consistently the hottest on campus. especially ori- ask for him next time you want a lil somethin special with your drink! all the baristas are skilled at making complex drinks, such as a double shot marshmallow fluff latte or the standard americano. the cookies, however, could use some improvement. dont get - the sea salt bagel or the pumpkin choc chip muffin. do get - peppermint mocha and some great tunes from the stereo.great cafe with a good variety of items for a college cafe. located right outside of the harper memorial library on the 3rd floor and provides drinks, refrigerated food boxes from local restaurants (the nile, rajun cajun, thai, etc) to microwave, and baked goods. grabbed an earl grey tea. it was a very good loose leaf tea, can definitely taste the fragrance of the leaves (if that makes sense). i also got some noodles ($6.50) and it was pretty tasty.great price point and love the fact they are open late so there's no need to leave the library when you need to get some studying done. all prices shown are inclusive of tax.damn those baristas are fine. also what's with all the cute girls without shoes there?as a college student, harper caf\u00e9 is my go-to coffee shop and community space. friendly baristas, (usually) good music, right next to library, and a surprising variety of food. my favorite drink is their cappuccino, and they even have their own coffee blend (\"common knowledge\"). i recommend this place to my friends and family all the time, and it's a place i'll be coming back to for a while.harper library is right next door, so harper cafe is automatically awesome by its proximity alone. i must echo the previous comment in that this cafe gives off the epitome of a hipster vibe; being a hipster seems like a requirement to work here. i won't hold it against them though (it is a college library cafe after all, and it really just creates a sense of whimsicalness).the tea is pretty great, made from tea leaves, not tea bags. there are big comfy chairs (though they're always occupied in the daytime). they have a good option of prepared foods in their fridge (from rajun cajun, siam thai, the nile, etc.) and a wide selection of baked goods. all reasonably priced. basically a very well-stocked library cafe, making it really easy to literally hibernate 24/7 at harper library when you're studying. harper cafe makes leaving the building unnecessary .harper cafe is such a hipster cafe. they have a fridge full of food from different hyde park restaurants like the nile, and b'gabs goodies. their coffee is meh but after 12, they give it out for free. they also have some pretty tasty desserts; they have a giant oreo... it's great. i absolutely love the atmosphere and the music they play! all of their employees are super super nice. in addition to all that, their tea selection is on point!the food: 5/5. great breakfast food and coffee. i tried chorizo burrito which was amazing. generally not a fan of chorizo, i was surprised how non greasy and light it was, adding cucumber definitely elevated the flavors. veggie quiche of the day was also great, as well as my cappuccino.the service: 3/5. not as good as the food. they forgot to put one of orders on the receipt, and also forgot to bring out the pastries i ordered. overall: 4/5. i'd go back next time i'm in hyde park.this is probably one of my favorite places to do work on campus. they have such a good selection of drinks and food. their hot chocolate is amazing! my fianc\u00e9 got an espresso which he liked as well. they also have a wide range of pastries as well as separate breakfast and lunch menus. the prices here may seem expensive for hyde park but they're nothing compared to the prices we have downtown! i loved the mascarpone stuffed french toast! it was such a good mix of creamy mascarpone and blueberry sauce. absolutely delightful! the biscuit breakfast sandwich was also good but paled in comparison to the french toast. there is seating indoors and outdoors, although it was a bit crowded (sunday morning). it was quite chilly when i was there but some people had to sit outside due to lack of seating inside. there are outlets through the seating area. i love the large windows that give plenty of natural light to the space. i'll have to go at lunch time next time to try out their lunch menu!the mascarpone stuffed french toast was amazing! \u00a0to be honest, i wasn't a big fan of french toast. but i fell in love with their blueberry mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast! \u00a0the refreshing blueberry sauce and the delicious mascarpone taste like a perfect harmony. it took awhile for them to make the french toast. i was almost late waiting for it, since i woke up kind of late that day. but it was totally worth the wait! i'm craving for their french toast right now! i'm back in la right now. really miss uchicago! enjoy while you can ! i also loved the environment! i really like the seats both inside and outside with little green plants! the sunshine and plants makes a perfect start of a day! taking away all me stress and replacing it with dangerous positive energy! plein air cafe motivated me to get up to study there, before i go to class, while enjoying a cup of latte. the raspberry beignet was delightful and refreshing, when i don't feel like too much sweet or cheesy things.food: 4service: 4cleanliness: 4noise level: quiethidden within uofc campus you'll find this cozy cafe offering bowls and sandwiches. perfect place for a quick stop in or study sesh at individual or communal tables. you get a rustic meets european vibe by the decor. there is also a patio on warm mornings! being here definitely takes you away from the city life.tuna salad sandwich: all sandwiches come with a side of simple salad tossed in a balsalmic vinegrette. the sandwich itself was super filling. tuna salad tasted homemade and not doused in mayonnaise. very light ! street parking out front.wifi works great.outlets along walls.would i come back? yescame with my husband here on a beautiful fall day to explore u chicago and was really happy with the grain bowl i got. the facility is a little small/packed but that just means it's very popular! it was a little hard to get a seat but worth the wait. the coffee is good too. i didnt try a pastry but they also looked really yummy. lots of students just hang out there to study so that's part of the issue with getting a seat. good vibetwo cafes in one morning, my goodness! but after finding \u00a0a good tea for myself we were on a quest to find a coffee worth it's wait for the coffee lovers in our family. this place was another yelp find and the yelp gods did not disappoint. plein air cafe & eatery had so much character and their menu of not just drinks but food were to die for. they had everything from croissants and danishes to fresh salads and sandwiches, everybody was able to find something to cater to their tastebuds here.i don't know if being close to a university helps but service here too was immaculate. and the croissants were out of this world.*** workspace ***being a cafe in a university compound, there is plenty of seats with equal amount of outlets. however, this also means that it's quite crowded and stays bustling through the week.*** coffee ***solid selection of coffee that can be brewed in several methods. i always go for the cold brew or the drip.*** food ***snag a hazelnut beignet when you can! you won't regret it. i also love the pie here and for lunch option, the prosciutto with sweet balsamic sandwich is my go-to.*** ambiance ***adorably quaint! from the white interior to the outdoor seating surrounding a beautiful flower bed. if your scandinavian grandmother decided to open a modernize yet charming cafe, it'll come out resembling plen air cafe.one of the best coffee shops in hyde park. the cold brews and drip coffees are really high quality, with perfect balance of acidity and sweetness. the chai latte is usually a solid choice too. the food is also great, especially the lunch sandwiches. the restaurant itself can be a little loud and crowded though, particularly around lunch time, and the seating space is rather limited.i like plein air cafe and eatery. i really do. the kitchen turns out simple, yet tasty food. the biscuits and housemade jams are exceptional. baristas pull espresso shots with the best of them and the mochas are delicious. i've missed on a few food items, but overall they serve above average cafe, breakfast and brunch options.my main gripe is the dining area service. it's kind of odd because the cashier counter is always friendly. they're patient even when the line winds out of the door. my problem is with the table bussers. each time i've been they've removed either a plate, cup or menu without uttering a single word. it's so shocking and quick that i've barely been able to get their attention to return. it would be nice if they'd ask before swiping my grub or anything else sitting in front of me. .. especially frustrating because the food is a bit overpriced.beautiful little cafe on a more beautiful campus right next door to the robie house! \u00a0who cares what the food tastes like right? \u00a0i wouldn't expect to stop here for lunch with the family and sit down at a table/ not happening! \u00a0packed all the time with students with their macbook pro's opened up next to iphones & cups of coffee i think is the best description. \u00a0i mean i'm all about technology but what about an actual conversation? \u00a0as far as the food goes... i feel like the sandwiches always sound better in description than they actually taste/ lots of bread. \u00a0the bowls on the other hand are excellent!! (chicken jalapeno bowl) \u00a0the menu in pretty extensive given the size of this joint & they offer breakfast items until 12; sandwiches & bowls, etc after that. \u00a0they have great coffee and all kinds of espresso drinks as well as some very good dessert items...including beignets!! \u00a0prices a tad on the high side but as far as hyde park goes this is your best bet by far for lunch, trust me. \u00a0not sure what others are talking about but the staff was very nice, probably the owner at the register even facilitating orders to customers! \u00a0talk laterplein air is a great surprise on a beautiful campus. though the front area is currently under construction, walking into the cafe (the cafe is on the right, the bookstore on the left) i was immediately struck by how bright, clean, and modern the place is. it's not super large and the majority of the seating is at long tables or a long bar overlooking robie house next door. i wouldn't say the place is especially kid friendly, because most of the seating is at bar style stools or chairs and i didn't see any high chairs around. however, if you came at an off peak time and could sit at a table it would be a great place for a kid.the menu is pretty extensive, note that they stop serving the plein bowls and tartines after 3 pm.i love that they serve topo chico, i don't see that much outside of texas. they also have fresh squeezed grapefruit and orange juice in their cooler.i was hungry, but not for a full blown meal so i got the soup of the day, tomato basil. i was very disappointed by the quality of the tomato basil soup, it tasted like they opened a bottle of tomato sauce from the store and poured it into a bowl. furthermore, the soup itself wasn't even hot, it was tepid at best even though it took the employees about 10 minutes to bring it to me. the french bread on the side was also stale. i really enjoy tomato basil soup, but there was absolutely no complexity or dimension to the soup, i didn't taste any basil, just cold tomatoes. it was $5.50 for the bowl and $3 for the large mug of breakfast tea i got on the side. the tea was strong and served in a big mug, though i wish the server asked if i wanted room for cream as it was filled almost completely to the brim. this seems primarily a place for uchicago students and faculty to study and socialize, light music played in the background, but the place never got loud. i will definitely be coming back, but i can see how it's easy to spend quite a bit of money quickly here, everything looks very good!they also do to-go food and drinks and i thought it was cool that they have a coat rack at the entrance for backpacks and coats. smart idea when winter hits the windy city!so many memories coming back to hyde park. \u00a0i graduated from the university of chicago in 2010, and since graduation, i've been living in texas. \u00a0for the holidays this year, i came back to chicago. i decided to go to the plein air cafe & eatery with my best friend and visit the college.i love the atmosphere here. \u00a0there's a lot of natural lighting. \u00a0love the wooden tables. \u00a0the place is small and intimate, and it has a lot of character and charm. \u00a0 the best part was seeing people with philosophy books. \u00a0my friend had drip coffee, and i had the cafe au lait with extra coconut milk. \u00a0the coffee was, however, a little too strong for me. \u00a0 plein air is still a great cafe.love this place! i frequent plein air quite often for lunch as it is one of my favorite places in all of hyde park. this cafe is quite aesthetically pleasing. in the warmer seasons, it's lovely to sit outside right next to frank lloyd wright's robie house and eat at one of plein aire's rustic tables. the service is always quick and attentive and the self-serve sparking water is a huge plus.my favorite items are the steak bowl, sweet pepper baguette, and hazelnut beignet. the steak bowl reminds me a lot of a filipino menudo dish, which i absolutely love. while the sweet pepper baguette is my favorite, the baguette itself is always pretty hard. the beignet is very good, but may be too sweet for some. be warned: lunch rush is real and you may be standing around waiting for a spot for a while.i had a really pleasant visit here. in a city that suffers bitter cold much of the year i can't imagine a better oasis than this outdoor eating section. i had the root veggie quiche. i'm not a vegetarian but it was seriously so satisfying. protein from the eggs, carbs from the potatoes, \u00a0and a green salad on the side. i also had an espresso which was good too.my favorite spot in hyde park. try the quiche or the biscuit! if you come in the summer and can sit outside, it's so so wonderful. plants and a view of robie housecute cafe in hyde park. street parking but it's tight. it has an indoor and outdoor area. trendy ambiance. mostly students from university of chicago. ordered some omelette, and it had fresh tomatoes and veggies! it was really yummy. cold brew is unsweetened but sugar and creamer are available.favorite place in hyde park. definitely a spot i wish there were more like. every food item i've had has been superb! bonus: they sell metric coffee here which is my favorite! get the hazelnut beignets! service is great, space is wonderful but surrounding area is currently under construction. overall: a must try.beautiful, bright atmosphere, peaceful crowd, good food! i am a regular for the play-it-safe tuna sandwich with fresh spring greens, soup du jour and latte. what can i say? i am just very comfortable coming here, sitting in or outdoors, and connecting to the wifi (high speed).this cafe is a beautiful spot to study, work or just chill. \u00a0yes, it can feel a bit pricey, but the space and food/drink quality make it worth it for me. \u00a0i'm a big fan of their cranberry spelt scone, all of their lunch bowls (try the balti bowl!) and the loose leaf tea options (blend 333 = soothing herbal tea with peppermint and chamomile). \u00a0the chicken that you can add to salads is a little too intensely marinated for my taste, but i am eager to try more of their sandwiches, pies and pastries.cute place to study, but i had so many issues here that i had to leave. first, the girl who took my order was quite rude and had a terrible attitude. second, there aren't too many plugs so i had to wait around until one opened up. third, the wifi would not work and so i had to get up and move to another cafe/coffee shop to get my work done. and the worker who i had asked the wifi from was rude and quick with his response. fourth, food and drinks are expensive and wasn't even the best of quality. watery latte and an okay burrito. not coming back here when i'm in chicago.came here on my trip to chicago in december and must say that this little cafe is the place to be if you want a good cup of joe! it's decorated minimally but tastefully. it seemed to be quite busy when i arrived there at about 11am, so try to grab a seat as quickly as possible to ensure you have a spot to sit. i had ordered the mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast with a vanilla latte, and sweet lord did those hit the spot after walking in the blistering cold, which i'm sure wasn't that cold but coming from texas, anything less than 60 degrees is cold to us...anyway, the french toast was sweet but not overly sweet, which was great because if it had been, rip me as i had paired that with the latte. it was also filling, so i wasn't dying trying to find another place to snack at while doing touristy stuff. the latte was probably one of my favorite lattes i have had in a while as it was perfected with enough cream and sugar to keep my sugar tooth satisfied. cute, quaint, and packed with delicious finds; y'all gotta check it out!the university of chicago is beautiful-even it's local restaurants. this one in particular looks like the designers from anthropologie designed it themselves. i only wish that the food tasted as good as it looked. i got a turkey sandwich, which is one of the most popular and a dirty chai. the turkey sandwich was dry, despite its contents. it tasted healthy, but i've had healthier sandwiches that tasted better. my mouth dried up so quick, i immediately got up for water. if you like chai from almost any other coffee shop in chicago, from the coffee and tea exchange to places like panera and starbucks- this isn't the chai for you. it flavor is so subtle it minus well not exist. it's not sweet, and if you add espresso the espresso is so bold it's overwhelming.my dad (an ostentatious marooner if ever there was one) has been dragging me to this mediocre pit for years. i suppose he wants a bitter pour-over to match our mutual feeling and conversation. my advice: steer clear unless your bag is shabby-chic humanities graduate students preeningly leafing through drivel.we purchased a large order of items to try out and one item was lost in translation. they did all they could to immediately fix the issue. sometimes things happen and that's life. how a business responds communicates a lot to customers. we will keep coming back.great drip coffee (i'm a coffee consultant and was super pleased). great pastries. great space. the campus is lucky to have them.lovely spot for a bite, good cup of coffee and to hang out in a chill atmosphere. large windows overlook a garden space with outdoor seating. \u00a0the garden borders the back of frank lloyd weights robie house. tasty, simple, interesting menu. you order the food yourself then it is brought to you at your table. they don't bring the coffee, not sure what's up with that so you need to know to hover around the coffee pick up counter until the coffee with name pasted on it appears.great spot and people working there.i like the food here although it's expensive, and unlike other reviewers, i think the wait staff is very friendly and cool. recently though, they've taken to forcing people to come in to order before they get settled in a seat. when this has happened to me, there has been ample seating and once the manager was very rude to me about it. i spend tons of money here so it feels particularly annoying and misguided on their part-- i'm not here to freeload a seat, i want food and drink. sure, if someone is sitting down without ordering for an extended time and there's no seats, fine, but forcing a menu on someone who says they don't need it and will be in line to order soon, seems more like a good way to lose a regular customer rather than a smart business strategy.i'm hooked.... this place is truly as good as it gets for coffee and cafe food, but at the same time, the place is absolutely packed all the time and the coffee drinks are priced like the premium coffee drinks they are. i love the yogurt and granola - it comes with super thick greek style yogurt, housemade granola, a ton of berries, a homemade strawberry compote, and banana slices. it's delicious, filling, and totally instagram-able. i've had dirty chais here on a couple of occasions and they have really hit the perfect balance of sweet and spicy with their chai!however, heed my warning - it is super easy to spend $20 here on a fancy coffee and lunch - that being said most menu items are around $9... but then you get a $5.50 coffee drink and decide that croissant looks ambrosial... and you've spent way more than you intended and you still haven't figured out where you're going to sit because it's packed.i had the two egg any style breakfast and it was the perfect size and fairly priced. the iced coffee was a large glass and very tasty! service was great, inside and outside seating. cute little place-would recommend.ice mocha was excellent, the environment is really lovely and peaceful. though they close early (accustomed to california's cafes which close at midnight).great coffee, environment, and food. definitely give their sandwiches a try. their kale and mushroom pie was also great.this review is solely for the mushroom pie. because that's all i've ever tried here. it is so hearty and filling. definitely worth the ~$12. \u00a0it's great that it's so close to so many buildings on campus. i also heard that their coffee is good, but i'm not enough of a coffee aficionado to walk over just for a different coffee when we have coffee in the building.this cafe attempts to provide interesting breakfast selections, pastry, and quality coffee in an aesthetic setting just north of frank lloyd wright's robie house bordering u. of chicago's main campus. \u00a0 while the breakfast selections are above average in imagination and they purport to take pride in their coffee, the execution is lacking. the first tip-off was that my drip coffee was not sufficiently hot and my partner's latte was lacking in coffee flavor. \u00a0the omelet i ordered was properly cooked in a frittata style, but the accompanying red potatoes were underdone. \u00a0my partner had asked for eggs over hard. \u00a0oddly, while the two eggs on her plate appeared to have been cooked in the same pan, one of them was correctly hard and the other was still runny. \u00a0she experienced the same issue with her side of potatoes as i did. \u00a0her order also include veggie sausage patties which were properly cooked with surprisingly good texture and flavor.all in all, while plein aire cafe has laudable ambitions, they did not hit the mark for us this morning.fantastic spot! the spot is beautifully laid out, i love the walk up counter, the crowd is a good mix of students, young professionals, and older crowd. the decor is chic. i had the soy milk latte. they have the pacific barista blend which works beautifully, would give it a 3.5/5. the chocolate croissant was fantastic, 3.5/5 and can use some heating before they serve it but the chocolate hazelnut poundcake takes the cake, no pun intended 4.5/5. it is soft, crumbly, nutty, and baked extremely well.don't come here for a casual hangout with friends because you will not find space, and you will not be able to hear yourself think over the truly horrendous music. that being said, the coffee, pastries, and salad are great despite being overpriced. check out nearby sanctuary cafe for a better ambience and qualityi feel smarter just being there. hot fresh beignets and great coffee all together in chicago, are you kidding me? too bad the valet parking is always full. \u00a0enjoy!beautiful cafe with a great relaxed/serene atmosphere located on the university of chicago campus. delicious drinks and the food looks great as well. menu looks quite diverse for a cafe. \u00a0love the fact they provide free still, sparking, or cold water fresh out of a tap that's easily accessible to customers.the hot chocolate was delicious - not overly heavy nor did it taste like pure milk. just perfect. chai latte was also great. would order both of those again. wifi is free for non-uchicago students, though took awhile to connect to it. ask the barista for the password. great place to grab a drink before heading to the library or even to stay and to study.this is the pretty spot in hyde park. i usually go to their for breakfast. i love the royal pie spinach and the blue berry french toast. i usually order the blueberry danish ( absolutely delicious) for the coffee it's very strong for me. \u00a0(personal) so i didn't order every time. about theirs decoration i really really love it. it is the cutest place in hyde park. so we can drink coffee and eat in the cutes place. love it !!nice ambience. food is pricey but tasty. only complaint is it's kind of small and the tables are close together so it feels sometimes like you are sharing a table with total strangers.i love plein air. food and coffee are delicious, the service at the counter can be excellent. except when it's weird, which is not rare. for just one example, recently i was told that the coffee i ordered \"for here\" couldn't be served in a coffee mug because it would crack the cup because it's too hot.... in all my years of both being a passive aggressive barista myself (so no judgement) and dealing with them, that's a new one on me: a coffee cup that's too hot for coffee.... k..... also getting tired of increasingly paltry sides of room temperature home fries. plein air used to be better about this. sad because they're so so good when they're good.i want to love plein air but honestly, i don't. \u00a0the staff at the cash register seem bored & are consistently rude, quality is inconsistent (my most recent meal was cold), and often it's so crowded you can't get a seat! on the positive, the bussers are always friendly, the quality of food is very high and the location is great. \u00a0if only it was more welcoming and inviting! :-/good brunch place but definitely over pricednice coffee and tea good environmentstaff are friendly next by a nice bookstore, which is the best!i go to plein air almost everyday because it's definitely one of the best cafes that i've ever been to in my life. their latte, pastries and biscuit are absolutely amazing; other dishes are also very tasty. it also has a nice study vibe, having a little bit of a buzz but not noisy at all. a perfect place to grab a quick lunch with friend, go on a date or have some alone time and treat yourself.plain air is one of my favorite places to stop for breakfast. the exterior seating is lovely and the interior is light and airy. all of their pastries and quiches are fantastic, and i also really enjoy the biscuit breakfast sandwich. very good coffee and tea options. it's really a gem in the neighborhood.glad that they were open during construction. i was in the area and wanted to stop in for a beverage and sweet treat. i would have preferred to dine in but the way the seating was set up there was no room for me so i just kept it moving up lake shore drive.the mf bomb diggity! scrumdiddlyupsious! my love stopped to bring me some breakfast because i wasn't feeling well. i feel like a million bucks chuck! i had the croissant with egg thick cut xtra smokey bacon with monchego cheese and home fries! get you some! fye bo!this is a lovely cafe on the university of chicago campus, in the same building as the revered seminary co-op bookstore. the coffee and espresso drinks are great, the food is delicious with many menu options, and the space is designed beautifully to showcase the view of frank lloyd wright's robie house next door.on past trips back to the university i've kind of stuck to my old haunts (plein air wasn't open yet while i was in college), but this time i gave it a try and i'm so glad i did. my vanilla latt\u00e9 was perfect - not too sweet. i also got a sandwich that was a lunch special - chicken with poblano peppers, avocado, and beans on a french roll. absolutely delicious. it was a tad messy to eat, but so yummy. the sandwiches also come with a small serving of fresh salad with a simple vinaigrette, which is nice.i enjoyed my sandwich while listening to the fascinating discussions other patrons were having and enjoying the view out the enormous windows. had this cafe been open when i was a student, i think i would have come to work here quite a bit. it's just a really nice atmosphere and the food and drink offerings are on point and beautifully presented. next time i'll arrive earlier in the morning and try the intercontinental breakfast!this is by far the best coffee in hyde park. delicious macchiatos and cappuccinos that are smooth and not overly foamy (which can be hard to find in this part of chicago). all the food that i've tried has been wonderful. especially their ham and cheese sandwich! such quality.i have a mild love affair with the spinach breakfast pie here. the coffee isn't bad either. can get very busy, with little elbow room to worksubtle but modern coffee shop inside of a bookstore. enough space to sit down and chat. very nice and quick service. had a very soothing and perfect latte with homemade vanilla flavoring. i look forward to going back and trying more items.terrible customer service. when i was given the wrong drink and had to return to the cafe, i was told i would have to wait until there were no other customers until my drink would be remade. i was also told that taking the drink was my fault and that if i wanted my drink sooner that i would have to tell everyone in line that i was inconveniencing them because of my mistake. when i said that was poor customer service, i was told to take it up with management, but the barista could not produce a manager or management's contact information. \u00a0have never experienced customer service this poor.a great little cafe and only a short walk from the harper center. i visited here in july when classes are out of session and there were few vacancies both inside and outside. i can only imagine how popular this place is during school year. from the interior, i really liked their minimalist design and communal tables to make good use of space. we sat outside as the weather was perfect. the shades of tree and the overall enclosure made it a great spot for staying cool and away from the foot traffic on the street. unfortunately, my visit was short so i can't comment on their breakfast and lunch menu, but i highly recommend here if you are looking to grab a personalized cup of coffee (yes, come with latte art !!). i did notice that they have drip coffee as well.this place is aesthetically pleasing and the drinks are pretty good. i got two eggs any style and was not very impressed by the taste or the portion--just very mediocre for the price. however i ordered the chai latte and that was reallllllly good. just the perfect amount of spice and creaminess and foamed milk that i love in a chai latte. and the price for it was much more worth than its starbucks counterpart. basically, go there to have a coffee chat but not to eat a meal!this was the first wave of those restaurants with the industrial metal decor and wood benches and rustic coffee equipment and succulent plant decor and that classic multi-grain, locally grown, organic, vegan, humanitarian food. the balti bowl is excellent; everything else is over-priced.this is a perfect little lunch spot, nestled in beside the bookstore, it offers an interesting & varied menu.we had sandwiches which were delicious, one was a turkey-brie-mustard combo & the other parma ham-manchego-alioi. both were very tasty. the only reason it doesn't get the full 5 is the order process. you've to queue up, take a ticket & find seating. it was a saturday & a bit crowded.overall definitely worth a visit for a tasty luncheon treat!i love how tucked away this little cafe is. the space is charming and the food is high quality. the last time i was there service was a bit chaotic, but they made up for making mistakes on our order by giving us extra food. it is nice to take a walk around the university of chicago when you are done with your breakfast.oh trevor you fool, what took you so long to come here? \u00a0having been in awe of pretty instagram photos for a while, and i mean a whhhiiiilllleee... it was finally time for me to venture down to the university of chicago to visit plein air cafe. it's a cool and beautiful as i imagined. sitting literally in the shadows of the robbie house (swoon), it's has an amazing outdoor patio and gorgeous interior. there are lots of options for coffee and specialty drinks, as well as baked goods and legit breakfasts. i had a latte and quiche w (how you spell?) with a salad. both were fantastic and only made better by the beautiful surroundings. \u00a0uofc is a beautiful campus and i can't wait to explore more!!! i'll be back, maybe they will let me move in even?i love the intimate atmosphere of this place! wonderful sandwiches, delicious brioche french toast (my favorite) and creative and wonderful coffee drinks. great place to study!a great find on-campus! this cafe offers many unique sandwiches, all of which are paired with fresh greens. this place was packed during lunch; luckily, i was able to find a seat at the window-bar. overall, delicious!plein air is lovely and makes possible my favorite paired activity -- bookstore and cafe. do be warned - seating is tight (especially in winter) and at peak times, it can be super crowded. \u00a0but never fear, the seating turns over quickly, and then you can turn your attention to your divine sandwich. extra points for the chocolate chip brioche which is a masterpiece.i absolutely love this place! the soy mocha is one of the best i've ever had. i've tried their turkey and brie sandwich and it was fresh and yummy. i also have tried the homemade biscuit breakfast sandwich with egg, manchego cheese and bacon. the bacon was thick and crispy and the cheese was melted on the egg. everything i've had, i have enjoyed. i also enjoy getting work done here. although sometimes it is too loud. overall great spot on campus!i went for brunch on a sunday morning, i felt the menu items seemed overpriced and considered going somewhere else but decided to stick it out. the portions were small for brunch, and definitely small for how much they cost. the eggs were underwhelming, and the potatoes would've been delicious if they weren't cold. nice ambiance, but i won't be returning.so pretentious! just 1 eg of customer service at this place: do you name your latte with a single shot? no, with 2. could you reduce it pls? 1, 1.5, 0.5? no + eye roll + weird face. can't say i'm surprised.i have historically enjoyed the food and coffee. however, the customer service is poor. the staff are pretentious and not courteous. my boyfriend and i ordered horchata lattes. i have ordered horchata at many restaurants and coffee shops. the drink was gritty and not enjoyable to drink. i asked if they could remake me a drink. if it was a no, i would understand, but the employee attempted to explain to me what horchata is and said that it has ground almonds in it which is the why the texture is like \"granita\". i did not appreciate the poor attitude.such a beautiful coffee shop !!! it has a such a nice view of the campus from the wall of windows . the lavender lemonade is so refreshing ! the chicken sandwich is very light but filling lunch or dinner .okay food in an okay, but usually too packed, environment. the prices are just slightly too high for what you get, and the seating isn't really conducive to work or conversation. overrated, in my opinion.great cafe to get simple work done, or catch up over some light reading material. located in the basement of the chicago theological seminary, the co-op bookshop that's connected to this cafe is favored by all university students and faculty alike. always busy; moderate to loud noise level; true university cafe; outdoor seating available.delicious coffee and food in an excellent location. only drawbacks are that it's a little more on the pricey side and can sometimes get pretty crowded. if it's a nice day there's quite a bit of outdoor seating as well.highly recommend.not very good. i went because i heard the breakfast was fantastic, and i arrived at 12:08 and they said they stopped serving it at 12... the girl was very rude about it too... i got the vegan grain bowl and it was not very good at all. do not recommend. i couldn't even taste the spinach pesto at all. plus it was expensive. so not worth it. pretty cute inside and they had a deck area thothe atmosphere is lovely here, right next to the robie house and within walking distance to the oriental museum. \u00a0the outdoor seating is nice and shaded with very cool wooden tables and benches. \u00a0the coffee and espresso drinks are not bad, the treats are generally very good - blueberry danishes, various poundcakes, delicious biscuits with butter and jam...i've never eaten anything here except the treats but the other menu items look very good. \u00a0the breakfast menu looks fabulous with dishes such as mascarpone stuffed brioche french toast or a spinach royal pie. \u00a0i've had the royal pies elsewhere - they are from pleasant house bakery and are divine. \u00a0so, this place has quite a lot going for it except one thing - polite service. \u00a0this is sad because it's such a nice place otherwise. the service comes with a lot of attitude, for some reason. \u00a0i don't know why this is but it seems to be quite consistent. too bad.a quiet and comfortable cafe right beside the university of chicago. reasonable food and price. we love the way it present and the atmosphere of the store-exactly as the name of store!worst customer service ever! the manager and some of the servers here are incredibly rude. if you guys have hard and fast rules, such as no sitting before ordering and no bringing in outside food, make that explicitly clear (also, are you really losing business if i don't order coffee but the friends i am with order sandwiches and drinks?). don't yell at customers for things they aren't aware of - there is just no need to be so mean over something so trivial. as much as i like the coffee here, really doubting it's all worth the unfriendliness.p.s. i've definitely seen other people violate these so-called \"rules\" and not get called out publicly. is there a specific reason why you target some but not others?such a gem in hyde park. beautiful baked goods and fresh espresso drinks made with good beans and experienced baristas. beats the crap out of the starbucks on campus, though perhaps rivaled by the divinity school...regardless, a great place to study with lots of seating including some benches with tables outdoors. has a vintage look to it.while the quality of the food is good enough, the selection is very minimal and everything is overpriced for what you get. service is hit or miss. i will continue to eat here if friends request it, but i never recommend it myself -- there are much better options in hyde park.nice cafe for a coffee and chat with floor to ceiling windows and gets a lot of natural light. good servicei really liked plein air. it has a pricey menu, but the rustic/simple vibes are tasteful, along with their coffee drinks. the maple latte tasted well-balanced, even if it was a little too sweet for me. for brekki, i tried a quiche (kale + roasted pepper + gruyere cheese), and its dough had a buttery, flaky texture that melted on my tongue. so good--would definitely recommend as a simple brunch!probably one of the highest quality places to eat in hyde park. great for brunch, i love their pastries. both indoor and outdoor seating are comfortable.plein air opened in the spring of last year, and it's quickly become my favorite dining option nearby the harper center on the university of chicago campus (because let's face it, the harper cafeteria stinks). it's a hop-skip away from harper as well, which makes the commute more palatable than decent options like medici, salonica, or the food trucks.plein air has a partnership with pleasant house bakery, and though the $10+ price tag is semi-steep for a quick lunch, a taste of a royal pie (i recommend the steak and ale) will leave your stomach feeling satisfied, if not your wallet. i've gotten a pastry a time or two as well. i remember the croissant being fine, as in better than starbucks, but not quite up to a parisian standard. their sandwich baguette bread is simply too hard to be palatable. if you're going sandwich, i recommend making the extra hike to medici.i like to pair a pie with a maple latte (in the winter; they've since switched to vanilla), which really sets the bank account back. but that latte is fantastically delicious. plein air uses metric coffee. i don't love it as much as my other go-to's like intelligensia, la colombe, or passion house, but it's pretty good (and still better than the starbucks or intelligensia franchised coffee in harper).it's really like 3.3 stars. i wanted to like the place because their coffee is amazing, the food is really well made and delicious (strongly recommend a hazelnut beignet) and the spot itself is nicely laid out with cute decor for the heyday of hyde park. but the over-pretentiousness of the staff and their rude misdemeanor completely ruins it. \u00a0i mean, i live in the hipster capital of the world (seattle) but at least our baristas are somewhat friendly and courteous. \u00a0when i'm back in hyde park i might try this again, if there are no other options in the area...right alongside the robie house you will find the plein cafe.we needed to kill time waiting for our tour and went in.the music was some kind of ear splitting post punk and was irritating as hell.music that hurts your ears is not conducive to anything else but deafness and tinnuitis.fortunately it was warm and we could go to an outside table.we weren't sure what we wanted \u00a0and ordered macchiatos- which to tell the truth we couldn't remember what they were -which were good.i also ordered a raspberry beignet which was also good.so my attitude towards the place was positive \u00a0but extreme noise is not conducive to thought or pleasure.overall: good drinks, better food, nice atmosphere, but pricey. good place to take my parents when they are in town and want to grab a coffee or casual breakfast, but at a nice place. the only reason it loses a star is the price and that the chai is often lukewarm rather than hot. drinks: i've had the chai latte and lemonade. my chai was good, but nothing great. the lemonade was very delicious. my friends who drink coffee think the coffee is great.food: there food is really well done. i highly recommend the french toast for breakfast and the mushroom pie for lunch. if you want a light breakfast or snack the sourdough toast with butter and honey is delicious! atmosphere: a little typical hipster, but still very nice and the co-op is a great bookstore. definitely take the time to walk around the uchicago campus or go to the oriental institute museum which is close by.cute little cafe in u of c campus... kind of hard to get seats with all the studying students but the food is pretty goodi was at the university of chicago and decided to go here for lunch because of all the positive reviews. it was really busy when i arrived around lunchtime. i love that you can eat outside with a view of the robie house next door. i ordered the steak & ale pie which included all-natural beef, ale, carrots and herbs with a side salad. the portion looked small at first, but once you start eating it, it's really filling. the meat was tender and flavorful. i recommend coming here for lunch if you're in hyde park.a cute little cafe with great coffee and savory pies! the vanilla latte is especially good - they make the syrup themselves, which has a noticeably fresh and deep taste. i also really like the ginger plum iced tea. my favorite pie is the mushroom and kale pie -- it's creamy, mushroomy, and amazing. the crust is super flaky, too. they also do great scones.i really like the decor. the space is very light, airy, and open and i think the animals and plants contribute to that, even if it is a bit overly hipstery. it makes me think of an ecology lab :). i also really love the outdoor space, which is super nice. the negative points: 1) service is just kinda mediocre; 2) not enough outlets; 3) not enough space when it gets busy; 4) no wifi (unless you can connect to uchicago)! altogether, though, it's a very nice place to meet people for coffee and chill as long as you're not going between 11:30 and 1:30 when it's ridiculously busy.stunningly modern and a calm and comfortable atmosphere. beautiful outdoor seating area. seamless ordering/delivery of food and drinks. the espresso is exceptional. the food is healthy, interesting, and satisfying.plein air easily has the best coffee in hyde park--a rotation selection of wonderful, locally-roasted beans from the metric coffee company. plus, they'll happily take the time to make a pour over of your choice.this is also a great spot to grab a quick bite: they've got great quiche and croissants in the morning, and quality soups, sandwiches, and salads at lunch. the food is a bit on the expensive side, but it's not overpriced for the quality.the space is great, too--albeit a bit on the crowded side during the lunch rush. limited outlets, but on the whole it's probably a good thing that they somewhat discourage the macbook-toting hordes from camping out all day. staff is friendly and efficient.loved it!!! i ordered a latte and a chocolate croissant- both were above average. very hip interior, and a cool young crowd. perfect location next to the robie house and an inviting bookstore. i will be back!this is my favorite brunch spot in the area. the coffee is great and the baristas are knowledgeable. the food is fantastic- great quiche variety (and they're all delicious) and the breakfast sandwich is one of the best breakfast sandwiches i've ever had. if your order doesn't come with bacon, i recommend ordering a side order because it's delicious. the water on tap by the counter is cool too, especially because you can get sparkling water.the atmosphere is great, too. it's busy but a table always opens up quickly, and the interior is nice and bright, with some cool art featured. if it's nice, though, try to get a table outside- it's really peaceful and you have a great view of the side of the robie house.the food and drinks were good but i found this place expensive and a little confusing. only the drink menu is prominently displayed, the food menu is on pieces on paper in a box on the wall but not very noticeable. the staff were okay but not all that friendly.best caf\u00e9 in hyde park!i recently discovered this place and i couldn't be happier!it has this organic / local produce / quality-coffee vibe with a small yet delicious breakfast and lunch menu!i had a breakfast quiche last time i visited and was impressed by the quality. everything i've ordered leans to the healthy end and has been absolutely delicious. staff is very friendly too. you can't go wrong with this place whether you're looking for breakfast, lunch, coffee or a mid-afternoon sweet.plein air is the only of its kind in hyde park, and the troves of students flooding the place on weekdays during the school year testify this.as others have noted, the place keeps a definite minimalist vibe which with whitewash counters and tables topped with air plants, and the menu speaks to much of the same. \u00a0diners enter either through the seminary coop bookstore's front or from the sideyard and order while standing at the barfront, toting a table number back with them for service.as for the food, breakfast at plein air, to me, calls for the continental breakfast complete with the most delicious biscuit available in hyde park. \u00a0the pastries and royal pies are ok, but not quite the cigar you'll find in the continental. \u00a0all the coffee drinks, in my opinion, are pretty delish. \u00a0easily the best latte in the park. \u00a0for lunch, you can't go wrong with the baguette sandwiches or the grain bowls. \u00a0they're all great, and they're perfectly satisfying.the customer service, like its architecture, is pretty minimal, as it's a quick order place and your only interactions will likely be when you order and when your food arrives, which is pretty nice if you're there to take in a little me-time with a book or dining al fresco with a group on the patio (recommended). \u00a0if crowds or time is a concern, weekends are a perfect time to go and enjoy without feeling rushed, and even ideal for a pleasant start to the weekend.i go periodically because i live in hyde park and they do make good coffee, despite the high prices. \u00a0but at this point, i can't stand the sheer arrogance and disdain. a lot of what plein air sells is atmosphere, and apparently, they've decided that part of that atmosphere is that they're too cool for the customers.for a while, i saw this coming primarily from the managers, but some of staff seem to have picked it up too. \u00a0(rumor among students is that they barely pay minimum wage, so i guess that it's hard to blame the staff too much...but i also don't enjoy being treated like dirt.)(i also notice that they claim to be wheelchair accessible. \u00a0and they probably do meet the (low) standards of the ada. \u00a0but weelchair users should know that all but half a dozen of the tables are quite high. \u00a0if someone can't transfer from their chair to one of the tall stools, i doubt that they could sit there. \u00a0the aisles are also pretty narrow--if other patrons don't have their seats pulled all the way in, it could be tricky to navigate a power chair through.)this is a great place to grab coffee or a quick bite between classes. i generally come here one to two times a week, given the proximity to harper. while it's a healthier and fresher alternative to other places on campus, it can be crowded at times, with a line that can stretch to the back of the restaurant and rude undergrads saving spots for their friends that haven't arrived (the wait staff tries to monitor this during peak hours but sometimes you have to take your own measures).for pastries, go for the biscuit. it's served warm with butter and blueberry jam and its buttery goodness is too delicious to pass up. for lunch, try their tartines or grain bowls - they're flavorful, healthy and loaded with vegetables.amazing meatloaf. \u00a0the bread was soaked with delicious gravy and still had crunchy exterior. \u00a0i devoured it. fun interior - bright with a vintage feel.if you are into fun, hipstery, slightly overpriced food options in a cut atmosphere right here on campus, this place is pretty all of that and more. yup, adorable little spot right next to the bookstore with long tables for group dining and a nice outdoor patio space all of which fills up pretty quickly during lunch rush times on campus. and understandably so since campus lunch options nearby don't have the healthiest options really, and this place having tasty kale salads and quinoa bowls it is good brain food for anyone needing a break from work on campus!i got their quinoa bowl with a tomato curry sauce and you can tell that everything was really fresh. their pies are also super popular and they often run out i've been told, so go earlier on in the day if that is something that you want. i definitely need to come back and try and their steak and ale pie (and then hopefully split that with someone who wants the kale salad with citrus and quinoa to try and make it a little healthier ha ha) but for the area, if you can find a spot sit here, they have great coffee drinks and such, and yes it is a little pricey, but hipster food land always is :-)i was so excited to hear that this place was opening up as soon as i found out they were serving royal pies from pleasant house bakery. i thought i would be here every week, enjoying those delicious pies. but i was not there every week. i was only there once.one trip to plein air cafe was enough for me. for starters, the menu is super confusing in that it is half hidden. when you enter the restaurant (right off the seminary co-op bookstore), all you see is a menu for coffee drinks. nothing else. you have to go up to the register to find the menu of pastries and other savory items. the food is good. the royal pies (i had the chicken balti) are as delicious as expected. but their service needs work. i ordered the chicken balti pie at the register and had something else (i think a salad) delivered to me instead. i stared at it for a while wondering what it was before taking it up to the register. i had to stand and wait in line again to return it as everyone moving around the service door ignored me. i found that incredibly annoying considering it was lunch rush and the line took about 10 minutes to go through.finally, my actual pie was delivered and i thought i could get some work down while i ate. wrong. the music is a weird, eclectic mix that is way too loud for the tiny room it's projected into. to make matters worse, the tables are stacked basically on top of each other so you can hear the entire conversation from the group next to you, including inflections and breaths. the overall decor is a bit confusing. some taxidermy, some cacti. to be honest, i thought they were cute until i realized there was very little room for two plates, two drinks, and the centerpieces. my friend and i spent a few minutes maneuvering everything before we could actually settle down to do work. at the end of the experience, i didn't feel the need to go back. $10+ dollars on lunch in a crowded room with loud music and very few outlets. not something worth returning for. sorry, plein air.there must be a purpose to every act. the purpose of this review is to inform the public about the inedible properties of the sandwiches produced at this location. i have patronized this place once in the past and was left unimpressed at the plebian nature of the food served. however, i would like share an incident that happened two weeks ago: when my very good friend madeleine purchased a sandwich here. the sandwich was so hard, that it chipped her tooth. i will now illuminate how hard the bread of the sandwich was. if this bread had been at the last supper, we wouldn't have had a savior, but a jewish man with tooth ache. bread of this strength would serve as a stronger deterrent against immigrants from coming to the us than trump's proposed wall. the bread provided enormous resistance. so much, that madeleine's front left canine tooth looked like gnomes had mistaken it for marble ripe for sculpture-making and then abandoned the project realizing their mistake. the incident left madeleine looking like a lopsided dracula. when she would open her mouth, i was just as terrified as the ottoman force that once approached the real dracula's stronghold. so i warn the readers who are perusing through this review, if you are unfortunate enough to purchase sandwich at this business, be sure to check if the sandwich bends under duress. this is one material strength test that you must hope fails. many in the yelp community are for some reason obsessed with location and atmosphere. i will devote the last part of my review for this demographic. painting a piece of iron bar with golden pigment would not make the bar gold. similarly, serving mediocre food in a posh location would not change the quality of mediocre food. this is the kind of place where you would hope to seduce an atheist divinity student from portland, oregon whose patrician aspirations would be to dwell in williamsburg, brooklyn. perfect for the up and coming bourgeoisie crowd who would gawk and gape at a whole foods. \u00a0with all that being said, i hope the plein air staff realize that mediocrity of their pursuit. i urge them to work on the softness of their breads, and improve the taste of their sandwiches. plein air looks good because it is in a prime location within hyde park. plein air are like the poor mughal empire which only looked advanced because greedy east indian company twats haven't arrived yet with steel and gunpowder. better call it plain air from now.listen, let's talk about the house made biscuit sandwich which has egg, manchego cheese, smoked bacon. that sandwich is deeeeeelish! good! superb! everythang! the biscuit is so soft and fluffy and buttery! good, solid bacon and perfect eggs. it was well-made. my friends, it's a good sandwich. try it! it also comes with a side of potatoes which were good but the sandwich is amazing. i also had a hazelnut beignet which was pretty good. it came from la fournette as do some of their other offerings. good coffee by metric. who knew? check it out.plein air is a great caf\u00e9.the ambiance is pleasant. there's a good white noise level for my study habits, all the seating is pretty comfy, and there's a large outdoor area.you can spend $12 on a small lunch here but you don't need to- there are good $7 options if cost is a hang-up, and pastries are less expensive than at starbucks. anyway it's all lovingly made with good ingredients from local food makers. free mineral water is a perk, and they brew coffee in many different ways.service is quick and friendly. support these guys!woah this place is soooooo cool. as a northwestern student i can't believe u chicago has such an amazing establishment. their chocolate brioche was dry. my friend got the prosciutto sandwich and it was pretty delicious besides the fact that the bread was also a little dry. love the vibe though, keep it up.this is an arrogant business that refuses to listen to its customers. \u00a0i have been e-mailing, asking in person, and reaching out to the owners for over a year about the total lack of sugar free, healthy items on the menu. \u00a0you would think the veggies and quinoa would be okay, but they do add sugar, and this means a no go for me. \u00a0they also fail to understand the need for unsweetened (no sugar added) non-dairy alternatives for decaf lattes. \u00a0at first they promised a quick fix, but after waiting in a long line three times the following months, i found that they had not even heard of the problem or addressed it. \u00a0sugar free soy and almond milk are now standard everywhere else in town, but hyde park is a pathetic vortex of food evil filled with ignorant business owners and managers who do not know how to read the back label on a box of food. \u00a0shame on soo choi and kevin heisner for not even reading their e-mail or responding. \u00a0plein air has the potential to be better, but if i could give negative stars, i gladly would.very fresh ingredients, but a bit on the pricey side. overall all four in my party were satisfied. we all ordered lunch entrees. very nice atmosphere.disappointing customer service!!! \u00a0bring your patience and thickskinned. \u00a0i ordered as take out a bowl of oatmeal and after 10 minutes of waiting i asked about it. \u00a0woman working the coffee machine responds that i have to \"wait my turn\"; quite unnecessary and snarky.coffee was fine but the service was unfriendly and pretentious. i prefer my coffee with cream and no attitude, thanks.conveniently oriented next to frank lloyd wright's robie house, plein air cafe invites you in. \u00a0after buying my ticket for the tour, i seized the opportunity to grab brunch, to my pleasant surprise!having lived in europe, i was pleased by nostalgia & strong contrasts in the cafe. \u00a0cottage, industrial & minimalist combine for an inviting, warm atmosphere. three taxidermy art pieces complement the warm wood table tops & starkly contrast with the cool industrial pipes & chairs. contrast is compelling!quiche with ham & gruyere cheese, together with a very flakey crust & ethereal egg custard, accompanied with mixed greens & a very light vinaigrette satisfied my sunday wedding reception recovery & with water. then the raspberry beignets & english breakfast tea steeped exactly for 4.5 minutes, made my day!what appealed to me besides the perfect location & cool decor was the welcoming ambiance. from the butcher block table tops on industrial pipes, to the hooks for my messenger bag, to the courteous wait staff, plein air cafe is home to professors, neighbors, students, tourists & wanderers.i chose to sit at one of the two long tables with a taxidermy bird perched under a glass cloche. when three professors joined me, the bird gave us a great ice breaker discussion. \u00a0we even discussed the wall display of a red tailed fox, as having been caught in the hen house.overall, the ambiance, convenience, delicious offerings & garden view beckoned. window service & self-busing make sense in this venue. plein air cafe is a great stop for frank lloyd wright fans!what a neat little place to eat. while roaming chicago, i needed something to eat while touring the campus. plein air did not disappoint. the ambiance is really neat. think clean and modern mixed with antiques and taxidermy.my only warning is not to go to plein air when you're in a hurry as the line can be long and the food takes a little while to arrive.my spouse and i are vegan and we selected this place as it has vegan options. however, when our group of seven arrived around 6:30pm i was informed that the vegan options are only available from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm (this is not on their website). if you are vegan i guess you have to only eat lunch or in our case will go elsewhere so we can have a meal with friends. the standard line of we can make you a salad without the cheese is not acceptable. the members of our party that did get sandwiches were told you couldn't get some things left off or added as all of the sandwiches came pre-made, uckk.this place is pretty cute with indoor and outdoor seating and a great view of robie house from wherever! it's a small space indoors and tends to have a long line - the line stayed pretty long for the hour and a half that i spent here. i loved the hot chocolate: not too milky, but sweet. a lot of people do their work/studying here, but it can be loud so i wouldn't recommend it if you're a quiet study person. the food was just okay to me. i ordered the seasonal omelette, which comes with potatoes with spices on them. the omelet itself had a lot of cheese, so someone else might like it better! service is slow and the staff don't really talk to you, but it's a good place to come in and try at some point.amazing cafe! so glad i found this place and that it happens to be a block away from where i keep busy.i'm a sucker for their vanilla lattes and pretty much anything on their menu. i've tried a few the following and i'd gladly order them again: spinach pies, homemade biscuit breakfast sandwiches, and prosciutto & manchego baguette with house made fig jam. they're almost 5-star worthy except for two things:(1) a bit pricey so hard to budget daily trips although the quality is obvious across their menu(2) one time they gave me a regular latte when i ordered a vanilla lattedespite my pettiness, this is a great establishment and you should check it out!sometimes i forget why i hate plein air and i decide to come back for the vegetable sandwich thing, which is pretty delicious. once i get inside though i remember that everything about the place is pretentious and overpriced and i feel like puking. don't come here unless it's like 3 pm and your parents are paying and you want to talk about hillary or eugenics.really great place: great food and coffee, one of the only really nice places to eat outside with a beautiful outdoor area, friendly staff, nice owner.attractive people in drab sweaters and dark pants sharing a communal table. lots of good natural light, gorgeous location underneath a tree next to the robie house. food is great, portions are small and it is pretty expensive. bubbly water on tap is a great addition. like the marble and black theme. you're going to be bumping elbows a ton at lunch time, but go next door and buy a book. delicious pastries, great lattes. dreamy and cramped.this is my new favorite coffee shop/ study spot. the coffee and tea is awesome, but so are the baked goods and their full menu of breakfast and lunch. my favorites have to be the hazelnut beignet with an americano (or any espresso drink for that matter) for the morning--or their mushroom kale pie for lunch. they also have serve yourself water which has both still and sparkling. if you like a mild hum and a great mix of indie/oldies rock music (which has to be my favorite combo), this is likely even a good place to bring a book or coursework. when i heard the shins come on, i knew it was going to be my go-to spot near uchicago.coffee is good, the atmosphere is nice and good for working and people who go to the coffeeshop tend to be very friendly. definitely coming backfirst of all, they have all you want self-serve seltzer water. i loved that. \u00a0secondly, you can sit and eat and look at the backside of frank lloyd wright's robie house, which is right nextdoor. \u00a0can't beat that. then, they have really good coffees. i had a first-rate latte. \u00a0so the food just has to be decent...and it was. i had steel cut oatmeal, well-prepared and presented. what a nice place to eat. would be happy to go there anytime!love the atmosphere here a lot! unlike other reviewers i don't have any problems with the service here. this place is also wonderful for people who seek some nice and quiet time being by themselves. you won't find it uncomfortable at all coming here alone. i would only suggest staying away from ordering anything with baguettes if you are new to this place. i might have come on the wrong day but i didn't like the chicken baguette at all - the bread just tasted like rubber:/as a grad student at u of c i've been here a number of times. i want to like the place... hyde park desperately needs caf\u00e9s with cool vibes and decent food and study space. this place provides all three, but i find myself avoiding it anyway because i can't stand the customer service. i'm talking about multiple occasions when the staff has been extremely unaccommodating to the point of rudeness. i'd rather go to one of the student run places on campus than pay twice as much to be scowled at by the servers because they serve slightly higher quality food.most coffee shops on the university of chicago campus exist in the following dichotomy: those located in dingy basements and those located in dingy attics. given that fact, it is probably no surprise that the plein air cafe has received the sort of reception it has, or so i hear; its attitude and decor are not so dissimilar from some of the eateries populating the old warehouses in the west loop (and with much commercial success, i also hear).the last time i came here for brunch it was a continental breakfast, a slice of quiche and two coffees - none of it very memorable - but let's all be honest with each other and admit it was never about the food. for those coming to hyde park from other colleges, in particular, for masters programs in the humanities, there is demand for a place to eat which is just slightly out the the price range for most milktoast-colored undergraduates and plein air is just such a place. alternatively, one should just admit that after 10 years in a phd program sipping coffee in a cafe instead of typing away in a computer lab that you were never that serious about art history anyway.obviously, for a bong-smoking lolcat, this is not my scene - though the taxidermy animals don't help either. i'll take my coffee to go in a $1 giant thermos from across the street and skulk back into the gray cubicle-laden land where i belong.plein air is a perfect place to refuel and recharge midday. if the weather is nice, it has a great courtyard, to relax, but quiet enough to get things done. also, if you are showing off campus, your people can walk the bookstore while you prepare for class.if you somehow find something to complain about regarding this beautiful, unique cafe, i think it says more about you than this business, because it's on par with the best cafes in chicago. be a good customer, and you will usually be given great service- that is the rule in all of the good land of capitalism.i've been here half a dozen times now, and every single time- the food has been fantastic, the coffee even better, service on par with the best. the physical space is gorgeous, with plenty of natural light and in spitting distance of seminary co-op, the best bookstore in chicagoland. the space is clean, inviting, and the menu is diverse. be cognizant of the physical space you take in this highly trafficked area of a busy college campus, and you will certainly enjoy your experience at plein air.i love this little cafe. their food is great, the atmosphere is peaceful and kind of euro, and they have won my heart by having sparkling water on tap. plus they have these biscuits with jam and butter that are a simple and delicious breakfast treat. they have your typical coffee shop offerings as well as a sort of small but really delicious breakfast and lunch menu. i highly recommend stopping by here if you're near u chicago's campus, especially if the weather is nice as their outdoor patio is really wonderful.fresh food prepared to order, limited menu but very nice -- coffees, teas, lemonade, some sodas, pastries, sandwiches, soups. good for a quick bite that is healthy and delish. i had the turkey & cheese (brie-ish) on artisan bread with greens on the side. would love to try everything on the menu! next to the u of chi seminary bookstore and \u00a0 \u00a0 adjacent the historic robie house. interesting artwork.solid fan of plein air. this is the perfect place to get some casual work done, or get coffee with someone whether just for fun or for a meeting; it's ideal for nearly every college related occasion.i am a huge fan of their coffee, i've had their cappucinos, macchiatos and lattes and i've been very pleased with the quality and taste of each time. their sandwiches are decent but not great, and the pies are much better (though quite pricey for the small portion). service is friendly and speedy, and i love how they offer tap water or sparkling tap water in cute mini mason jars. just makes it an overall very casually classy place.disappointed.people love the ambiance here. i do too, and that's only reason that i tried it twice without knowing much about the food offered there. it's right next to the robie house in hyde park. what else can you ask for? if we move it to river north, i am not so sure how long it will last though. the best part about the service here is that you have three kinds of water to select from-- hot, cold and fizzy water. it's mostly a self-serve restaurant, like chipotle, but with a higher price tag and fewer selections, and you will be advised to pay 15% or above for tip when you tap on that trendy mini ipad. i ordered the meatloaf tartine. the meatloaf did not have much flavor, and the gravy came with the meatloaf made the bread too mushy. not the best $12 lunch i have had.be aware! the corner table is reserved for a group of 4 or 4+. the warning note placed on the table is tiny. so you can easily miss it. if you accidentally sit there, you will be asked to move.i came to plein air cafe last week with my a colleague, and i was pleasantly surprised. hyde park is definitely coming up in the world as far as more restaurants, bars and entertainment. it's nice to know this place exist and it's so close to university of chicago campus.  at any rate, plein air cafe reminded me of antique taco for the decorations. it's very antique-like, shabby chic decorated with a chill vibe (or very country hipster--and yes, i just invented that word but it fits). they offer a variety of pastries, coffees, teas, salads, sandwiches and pies. i decided to check out the meat pies (a fancy pot pie) because per yelp they seemed highly recommended. i ordered the kale pie, and it was delicious! inside the pie, was a marriage of flavors. it had kale, herbs, parmesan cheese and white wine sauce. beyond fabulous. i did not leave one crumb on the plate. if you are a meat eater and you order this dish---there won't be a minute where you miss the meat. the crust of the pie was heavenly as well. the crust is buttery, flaky, soft inside yet crunchy outside. \u00a0the pie comes with a small serving of field greens \u00a0that are lightly dressed in balsamic. the pies seem petite but they are very deep (or high in height) and it's pretty filling. my friend order the goat cheese sandwich on a baguette which was also served with field greens. it looked very delicious as well. in addition, they have a water station where you can decide between \"still\", \"chilled\", and \"sparkling\" water which is quite fancy. i'd definitely return back to plein air cafe.plein air cafe & eatery is seminary co-op books and pleasant house bakery \u00a0coming together and making a crown jewel baby on the southside.pros: the atmosphere is airy, which i like. very clean, but not completely minimalist. i \u00a0like the taxidermy, but it can be a little off putting whilst eating. i like that glasses (very mason jar esque glasses to be exact) \u00a0are available at your own discretion should you need a drink of water. the coffee is great and so is the food. i've ordered the plein air balti bowl and also the royal pies, which i already loved from pleasant house.the service isn't spectacular, but it isn't bad. if fact, i like that they're not like typical new restaurants with overbearing service. cons: i wish they had more outlets for electronic devices, but that just might be their way of getting people to leave so more can come in.overall, great space and great food!went with a friend for breakfast during their soft opening week, which coincided with our spring break.the general ambience felt rather western to me, and not french as their name might at first suggest. the cactus centerpieces, the stuffed birds (?), and the saloon-like facade where you order could all have been taken straight out of a john wayne film.ordering was a rather hasty experience, as i immediately looked to the blackboard above the cashier, which only listed coffees and teas. however, there were also pastries \u00e0 la carte, and their breakfast menu was on the clipboard that i did not see until too late. woops.i ended up getting their homemade chai and a cranberry spelt scone, which came out to just under $10 with tip. they had us pay with square (on an ipad).the music that came on through the two mounted wooden speakers was eclectic, but not entirely european as one would perhaps expect (e.g. we heard, among others, a jazz piece, \"in the summertime\" by mungo jerry, \"love grows (where my rosemary goes)\" by edison lighthouse).will probably be back at some point in the near future to try their full menu, as they are located right next to the seminary coop and booth business school.wow, some of the other reviews are so fussy!i can't imagine not liking this place, especially considering that it's in hyde park and you'd have to trek way up to the north side to find anything nearly as cute and tasty. i particularly like the chicken balti pie, the balti bowl and their green salad (not sure of the exact name). the meatloaf sandwich was a bit of a dud in my opinion. also, the stuffed french toast is good in theory but a bit too rich and will leave you in a bit of a food coma. all in all, this has become on of my neighborhood favorites.i came here for lunch yesterday (as well as a coffee) and breakfast today. i had a quinoa salad bowl, which was quite tasty and healthy. the latte also did not disappoint (i believe they use metric beans?). for breakfast, they were out of the french toast, so i got the continental breakfast. the biscuit was just right, and had an interesting jam to acompany. the prosciutto was fine, and i enjoyed the date stuffed with ricotta. the boiled eggs were cooked well, maybe could have been slightly less done, but this is a matter of personal taste. in any case, i highly recommend it to u of c visitors.i really liked the ambience, food quality was excellent. probably the best food i've tasted in hyde park.move over medici, this is the new game in town.it was a nice, casual setting, definitely agree with previous reviewer about the modern rustic feel. a modern-postmodern minimalist decor was juxtaposed with country-style benches and oak tones.the pastries were pretty good, a little soggy however, perhaps from sitting out too long. the sandwiches and quiches were outstanding, ingredients fresher and more refined than the med. pies and desserts were very rich and beautifully crafted.i'll repeat it again. move over medici, this is the new game in town.probably the most hipster place in hyde park right now, which i enjoy. the decor is pretty nicely done, and it's a pleasant place to spend an afternoon doing some reading, especially with the huge windows.the food is also quite good. i've had the pie and the french toast. both were good. unfortunately, i'd say they were both overpriced, as is this cafe in general, hence the reason why i'm docking a star. three to five dollars for a pastry? ten dollars for the pie? ehh. the food might be a tad better than the med, but it's definitely not twice-as-expensive good.the espresso is truly spectacular. given the abundance of top-quality la marzocco machines in hyde park, it would seem hard for any one place to rise above the fray, but clearly plein air does thanks to the sourcing of its beans and the expertise of its baristas. i was disappointed in the two baked goods i've had so far. both the regular croissant (bought in the morning) and chocolate chip cookie were actually on the stale side.as other reviews note, the place is super cool looking.lovely lunch, great sodas, beside robie house. super.been away from chicago for a few years, and i'm tickled that hipsters have discovered hyde park.as the reviews say, the location and decor are awesome. it's summer, so it's not crowded at all. the food is pretty good. i got the root vegetables tartine. it's flavorful and seems fresh and healthy. my only complaint is that baguette it comes on is too chewy at the crust, which makes eating this a challenge. a bread knife instead of a butter knife would help, but it would just be served better with some other bread.two stars docked because it's overpriced ($9 for said tartine... come on, it's pesto and roasted vegetables spread on a slice of bread), and the attitude of the staff is hipper-than-thou. they also have one of those credit card payment apps that defaults to a minimum tip of 15%. i'm not a fan of shaming customers into tipping well, and anyway, you order at the counter, so i'm not sure what i'm tipping for.for months, i've been eagerly anticipating the opening of this cafe. this weekend i had a chance to stop by for the first time, along with a group of friends who all lived (or still live) in hyde park for various lengths of time over the last 15 years. \u00a0every one of us was blown away by the quality of the food at plein air, the decor and atmosphere of the cafe, and the customer service. and we all kept repeating to one another, what a huge boon to hyde park this cafe is (also further illustrating the upswing of neighborhood). if you're seeking a quiet place with little foot traffic, look elsewhere, as this cafe will be busy daily from opening to closing. i also must give a special shout out to the owner of the cafe, who amidst the swarms of customers and the constant demands for her attention, came to my immediate aid when i had a minor medical incident. she was quick thinking, attentive, and didn't call unnecessary attention to the situation. later on, she stopped by our table to check on me to make sure i was feeling better. \u00a0i had guessed i would be a loyal customer at plein air, but this experience sealed the deal. \u00a0a+.just had their mocha today.wowowowowow.best mocha of my life but kinda pricey... :(charming ambiance. french-inspired decor and menu. over-priced and pretentious. limited non-dairy drink and food options.i've been meaning to check this caf\u00e9 out since it opened - the hype around it left me pretty skeptical that it could be that good. so far, i've only had a coffee here, so i'll need to update this review once i try the food, but the mocha was indeed delicious (as promised) and the atmosphere is really nice - airy with good natural light and cool decor.it is a little small, though, with seats pretty close together at the window bar and at the shared tables in the middle, so i anticipate that it'd be difficult to stay for long periods of time to study when it's busy.another thing to note is that they have a full menu of food at the counter, which i didn't realize when i first walked in. the coffee and tea options are all on a board above the counter, and i assumed that this was all they were serving until i walked up and realized that there was a menu as well.that being said, i'm really excited that it's here and right on campus - i know i'll be back frequently for the next two months or so before i graduate.i visited this place for the first time in 2015, after reading reviews in \"yelp\" and was very happy with the coffee and food. when i returned this year 2016, i took my companions for lunch. the three of us have different taste and eating habits and were all happy and satisfied afterwards. the breakfast royal pie is my go to and my husband enjoyed the meatloaf tartine and my mother had the roasted chicken torta. i recommend this place, will suit most.three \"first impressions:\" 1- obnoxiously small. \u00a0don't plan to eat lunch there, unless you're up for standing around on top of other customers waiting for a table, where you'll be sitting on top of other customers. \u00a0that said, it's a beautiful space, and my experience would have been much more pleasant had it not been the lunch rush hour. \u00a0if you're going to invest in a new space for a quality eatery, you should allot more room for customers.2- excellent coffee/espresso. \u00a0the cortado i ordered was delicious, and fairly priced at $3. \u00a0i've heard nothing but great things about other coffee drinks.3- overpriced pastries: \u00a0$4+ for a small scone? \u00a0it was decent, but at that price a scone should be more memorable.despite #1 and #3, the young uofc crowd will absolutely eat this place up. \u00a0i will go back for coffee to go, or to sit down when it's less swamped.terrific coffee. really good. nice outside seating arrangement and community seats inside. but i've had way better food. ordered the $9 grain bowl with roasted root vegetables and it came cold - put that on the menu - with no flavor. it's unusual for roasted beets not to have flavor, but all the veggies seemed tasteless. they tarted it up with too much vinegar, which, why would you even put vinegar in it? had to ask for sauce, they gave me \"pesto\" which was, again, unusually bland and tasteless. no oil and no basil flavor. thumbs down on grain bowl #1. great coffee.pretty happy that this exists in hyde park. while it is crowded, and you can imagine it would be given the stream of students, professors, visitors to the robie house, and your general hyde park resident, it is a really nice space that absolutely deserves a visit if not for the pastries and pies alone.solid cup of coffee and a great outdoor seating area. too bad it's mostly cold during the school year because i could see myself here at least once a week sitting on that patio next to the robie house.terribly slow service even if you order something that shouldn't take time to prep (such as granola and yogurt). over-priced given the portions and quality toogreat coffee, delicious lunch options and right next to the robie house! what more could you want?the americano here is very good and the staff are friendly. \u00a0the location is also great (right next to robie house). \u00a0however, the food is mediocre at best. \u00a0i tried the biscuit breakfast sandwich today and it was dry (no sauce at all). \u00a0the fries were also mediocre at best. \u00a0i'm sad that such a nice coffee shop has such bad food.their food, coffee, atmosphere, service are all great! i love this place. i have never really tried any of their food because i am vegan but a couple of my friends have had their croissants, muffins and cookies and they all said they tasted delicious! their lattes and black coffees are perfect. they make cute designs with their lattes. i love studying there even though it can get a bit loud. one thing i really don't like though is how crowded it is! i can barely even find a seat. i wish it was bigger but i guess that's what makes plein air so special!i'm also a creature of habit and i order the same tuna salad sandwich every other day (i may or may not add a bag of kettle chips). \u00a0i love that it comes with a salad. \u00a0makes me feel like i'm actually eating ok. \u00a0the tuna is tasty and fresh. \u00a0i even like the little brown to-go boxes. \u00a0the line is fairly quick, but quite a bit of jostling around, trying to stay out of the way of the servers. \u00a0the people working the registers are always nice and friendly. \u00a0i wish they had a few more menu items, but overall, a nice place.great place but no security and open to the public. \u00a0constant theft occurs here, be very careful of anyone talking to you. \u00a0they will ask for money for charity while they steal your phone, wallet, etc.this is a lovely little coffee shop on the university of chicago campus. it has great ambiance, and the staff is warm and lovely (and make a mean latte). totally worth stopping by if you are in the area.lovely food, very bitchy cashier who multiple times has asked for my order, turned away while i'm talking, then turned back and asked me to start over, as well as making it obvious she'd rather be anywhere else during the lunch rush.i really wanted to hate this place cuz it seemed so overpriced and bougie hipster when i first walked in. buuuut everything off the coffee menu is flawless. like, beyonc\u00e9 level flawless. every time i get a small latte there my day just brightens. staff is always friendly too and clearly they know what they're doing.the food here is decent but the customer service is horrid. i've been several times and i've only experienced rude behavior. customer service is so incredibly vital in any establishment. i'd suggest that the managers speak to each employee as it relates to appropriate customer service.hipsters. privileged hipsters made this place. 4 stars because of the availability of fresh water, because of the availability of spelt baked goods (would be better if they offered gluten free), and because everything i have eaten here is really yummy. the staff are not really that friendly. they come across as lacking common sense, educated but lacking in real world life experience. it is a great location for all u chicago things, and is attached to the book coop. i actually really like the space, but i feel very, very annoyed whenever i go in there, so i have started going to the coffee shop in the basement of the building that houses the renaissance society instead. that says a lot given that the selection of goods down there is not as great. however, there is not an air of superiority that you get at plein. i roll my eyes every time i am there.my fav is maple latte. god i can't remember how many times i went to u of chicago just to get this coffee , especially in this cold winter.terrible serving speed. chaotic way of distributing numbers (we have the same number as the table next to us...what's the point of using number then?) trying to take my number away when my breakfast hasn't come. with this kind of service it forces 15%+ tip. and you need to clean up the table yourself. the food is edible but i can make it myself within 2mins. most expensive one i've had in hyde park. i will never come again. no wonder this is the only restaurant not full on the 57th street on sunday morning.speed is not their strong suit, but the coffee is to die for. in addition to amazing pastries and baked goods, they have some yummy food options.as a booth student, i am so thrilled that an excellent food option exists within a block of the harper center. i've been three times now, once for the lunch rush, once for dinner, and once for breakfast. here are the main points:- service was fastest during the lunch rush. don't be too intimidated by the crowd - the line moved fast, and the food came out quickly. when it was less crowded during breakfast and dinner, service was a little more leisurely, which is my only very small quibble with an otherwise wonderful spot.- food is absolutely phenomenal and priced reasonably. i have had their vegetarian and chicken pies for lunch and dinner, respectively, and i adored both of them. i had their continental breakfast this morning, and every element was just fantastic: exceptional light and buttery biscuit; complex and delicious house-made plum jam; perfect hard-boiled egg; dried date with ricotta and honey - just a wonderful start to the day.- their coffee drinks are delicious. i'm not a big coffee connoisseur, but their pour-over coffee made me understand why one might become one.- it's all in the details with this place. i love the decor, the centerpieces, the music, and especially the taps for sparkling or still water.boothies especially, go check it out! this is definitely my new go-to for times when i have time for a more leisurely lunch.wow, this is clearly the best place in hyde park. \u00a0what an amazing addition to campus! \u00a0their bowls are delicious, their pastries better than almost anything in chicago...who woulda thunk it? \u00a0and they even have complimentary sparkling water!it's the best cafe on campus because of its california style layout and decoration, delicately brewed latte, and creative brunch food including chicken pie and egg pie!well, the honeymoon is over. as my companion noted about our lunch experience today, \"that was equal parts delicious and annoying.\" the food at plein air remains solid but it is so packed and loud that dining in is completely unenjoyable. if you're lucky enough to get a table, you still have people rubbing against you from all sides, trying to move around you as you eat. and if you're dining with a friend, odds are you won't be able to hear what they're saying to you unless they're borderline shouting. too many folks having an all-you-can-eat space and time buffet with their laptops. at the risk of sounding like a technology-hating crank, i can see why more and more cafes are opting to ban laptops, and think plein air would greatly benefit from a similar move.one of our favorite coffee spots in hyde park. i personally like how it's hidden away. in the winter we love walking by for warm apple cider. during the warmer weather it offers peaceful & relaxing outdoor seating. a hidden gem & great study spot!plein air is... pretty good. the food is delish but v overpriced. the drinks are a solid meh, and the mocha has way too much chocolate in it. i still come here all the time, but the main reason i'm writing this is that the music choice is actually painful. rn, they're legit playing \"sexy lovin'.\" this is not a drill. i am leaving now. baristas need better music taste if they're tryna have \"stylish\" stuffed fox heads on the walls...i came with a couple friends and we split 2 sandwiches -- good for a quick bite. we saw some students meeting up working on laptops, and also others just coming in and out. others sat in and ate in a more sit-down restaurant kind of setting. it's an adaptable space with quality food and a quirky, effortless atmosphere. would stop by again and try the coffee!atmosphere - 5 stars - beautiful outdoor patio area and well done interior- from hanging rope lights to subway tiles and wooden bar stools- even the centerpieces are stuffed birds in topiaries - hip stuff. this is why i come back. music - you never know what you're gonna get- bring headphones.food- 3.75 stars - they have 3 different kinds of water on tap for crying out loud! really going above and beyond on providing amenities. drinks are a bit pricey ($4.25 for a latte...) but you are a stones throw from the university so no surprise there.customer service- 2.5 stars - if you want service with a smile- this is not the place for you. with their beautiful french atmosphere comes their not so beautiful french attitude. this can be easily improved on, but it really just comes down to being pleasant- makes all the difference when deciding where to work for the afternoon. this is the first yelp review i've ever written- and felt the need to write one just to let them know their attitude makes all the difference!all in all, i keep coming back... hoping to find a smile...great place. food was good. a tad bit pricey. horrible coffee. :/love this place...except for all the bugs crawling on the pastries. the food is delicious. this was a go to for breakfast and lunch until we noticed there are always bugs flying around and crawling on the pastries. very unappetizing and unsanitary.the menu is a little shy on gluten-free items, except for the bowls and salads. the plein grain bowl was fantastic: the roasted root vegetables, along with quinoa and baby kale, were perfect, and warm enough to be comforting on a chilly day without being too heavy for a summer lunch. the tea was good, and the free sparkling water was a real bonus.the decor is mostly light and airy and clean, and reminds me a little of a fudge or candy shop. but there are several odd pieces of taxidermy that are disturbing: two birds under glass on the tables, and a fox on the wall. they seem so out of place, like they got them along with a few other odd items and decided to use them without really thinking about the appropriateness of taxidermy in a cafe. in a lodge, maybe, but in a cafe at the uofc, not so much. \u00a0it doesn't seem very intentional, and i really hope they rethink that aspect of the decor. staff were friendly and helpful.loved that i got get a iced tea in a solid glass, sit outside and stare at the backside of frank lloyd wright's robie house and contemplate architecture theory in the intelligent atmosphere of the universityi've eaten here five times in the last three weeks and plein air has delivered every time. the savory pies from pleasant house bakery are crisp, buttery puffed pastry that encase a creamy filling. my favorite is the chicken balti pie that comes with a delicious relish. i've also had the tartine a a few times. the roasted root vegetable tartine is a thick slab of rustic bread slathered with a creamy spinach pesto and piled with colorful veggies like purple potatoes, carrots, etc. i'm not a vegan but it's hearty and satisfying. the meatloaf tartine is perfect on a brisk day when you're in the mood for comfort food. plein air is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood.while it's on the whole a welcome addition to the neighborhood the sad fact is that plein air does not know how to make coffee. order a cappuccino and you will get a very milky latte. \u00a0order a dry cappuccino and you will get a latte. \u00a0order a macchiato and you will get an espresso with hot milk. some baristas here are better than others but i just got the so-called macchiato as prepared by the owner: this is just how they do it here.in other respects it's a very nice place!love this place. good food. decent service. wish singles would t hog outdoor tables. but otherwise i love this place.the pies are always a win! great coffee and a wonderful chill place to hang out. i always bring friends for a casual breakfast when they're visiting. if you love hip taxidermy and strong coffee this is the place for you.definitely the best brick and mortar place to eat near the uchicago campus for now. i just think that the menu is a little over-priced. i got the steak and ale pie which was really filling. it also came with a side of salad. i also got the chai iced tea which i would recommend. they also have a lot of options for coffees, which i will try out in the near feature.i had just gotten in from the airport after traveling all day. i was starving and tired and looking forward to eating or drinking anything. there was one person in line in front of us who appeared to be an employee there. my friend and i stood there waiting for ten minutes. the person at the counter noticed us waiting there but didn't acknowledge us and continued casually conversing with the other employee. after those ten minutes we just decided to leave.nice ambiance. loved my vegetarian pie dish-yes small but loved the quality. hoped they could come with more greens but maybe it's just me. the lemon poundcake was too sweet and i am guessing that they use white sugar? (correct me if i am wrong.) hum.... the hot chocolate my friend ordered was..... let's just put it this way, there is a room to improve. overall loved the place. next time i will order kale salad. hope it's good.the food is delicious. the decor is serene. however my 3 star rating is given with mixed emotions. the music that is played is too loud and inappropriate for study or business meetings-- and since the cafe is in the middle of a university campus both transactions are appropriate and expected. finally the prices are exorbitant! \u00a0my typical orders-- americano expresso and small cookies-- $7. or 1 boiled egg, 1 biscuit and tea-- also $7. there is a french bakery downtown that would argue has better quality and comparable servings sizes, better menu offerings yet their price points for the same orders are $3 cheaper. this place is profiting off of its lack of competition.i have been coming to plein air for several months. i typically love the atmosphere, coffee and food. it is a great place to study and meet others for a quick meal. however, i have often been consistently disappointed by the service. many times the employees seem pretentious and the extreme regulation of the seating is absurd. the strict policy of limiting the large table to 4 people and not allowing people to push tables together, even when the shop is not full, has led to several unsatisfying experiences. the workers need to relax. they should be concerned about gaining longterm customer satisfaction and building relationships with customers rather than constantly negatively intervening in the customer experience.what took me so long to visit here? \u00a0the pour over coffee is the best in hyde park. i had never heard of metric coffee,but i am now \u00a0a fan! the best. \u00a0the royal pie i ate is sup plied by pleasant house bakery. i heard alot about these pies and all i could think of before it came to my table, \"what's the big deal? it looks like a pot pie.\" uh. no. it deserves all the hoopla and rave. the crust is soo good. i could just eat the crust. \u00a0i will have to come back and try the steak and ale pasty. \u00a0the decor is very unique, not stuffy or academic. the bad? like someone mentioned, the menu is nowhere to be found. it's on a clipboard on the counter. sortof rude to reach around someone at the counter to grab it. so look up what you want online before coming here. apart from me suggesting plein cafe should get a menu board,,,it's a \u00a0great addition to hyde park and connected to a great bookstore that we all need to support!i need to be clear - the coffee at this place is hands-down the best in hyde park (and while it's not exactly up against stiff competition, it would still earn this title in many other neighborhoods). my complaint, and the entire reason for my three star review, is the insanity that is the lines at this place. if you come between 11am and 2 pm on a week day, expect to spend at least 20 minutes in line. certainly some of this is the cafe being a victim of its own success - stellar coffee filling a huge neighborhood void. but much of the problem stems from the cafe's insistence on understaffing their bar. many non-espresso bar drinks (coffee, iced coffee, etc) are prepared by the cashier, stretching out the transaction time by several times over. it's gotten so bad that i've taken to buying inferior coffee elsewhere. i even raised this issue with the manager, who gave me a non-answer that made it sound like this was a deliberate decision. so if you want to kill half an hour ordering a great cup of coffee, go for it!this is a wonderful addition to hyde park. their coffees must be the best available. the food is mostly delicious. their rotating soup can be a total hit, but also a miss (like the carrot creme is 'meh'.) someone complained about the meatloaf sandwich. while not your usual dish, i think they misunderstood the concept. the bread must become mushy. it's partly what makes this dish enjoyable. i've had all their pies, and while they're all delicious, they're too much dough, too little filling, and hence can be a bit dry. the pastries, on the other hand, are among the best hyde park has to offer. i've fallen in love with the blueberry danish and the apple danish. both are really, really good! the place is probably more enjoyable during the summer, when school is out. also: the music in there absolutely rocks. i don't think i've been to a place where the eclectic music so consistently warmed my heart! also: location, location, location! (robie house! seminar co-op! booth, with its contemporary art collection!)i would give this place more stars if it wasn't for my last experience there. \u00a0ever since i first discovered this cafe i've been recommending it to my friends and colleagues in the area. \u00a0i am a particular fan of the spirit kale salad. \u00a0on my last trip there, i went with one such friend so she could check it out too. \u00a0however while waiting for our order, \u00a0my friend was spoken to so rudely by a member of staff because she was eating some of a packed lunch too. \u00a0i understand that their policy might be no outside food allowed (which we actually did not know at the time), but to address paying customers so rudely does not encourage repeat business.what a gem. \u00a0such a wonderful addition to hyde park! \u00a0bright, cozy, clean, stylish decor, nice service, a book store to roam in. \u00a0does life get better than such treats?great atmosphere (like a french cafe), but i wish the food options were less expensivei really like the decor and atmosphere of this place. i went there on a sunday for lunch and it was really packed. \u00a0the customer service was awesome, everyone is really nice and friendly. i ordered a iced chia tea and it was amazing, one of the best i've ever had. i also order the turkey sandwich which comes with a small salad which was really tasty. i definitely want to go back and try the breakfast because the few dishes i saw look amazing.first and foremost, this place is huge! that alone made me a fan within seconds. it does a brisk business and yet there's always seating to be had. the staff is very nice and accommodating, the space is well-maintained, and the coffee and sandwiches are good, and very fairly priced. the only complaint i had, and it's minor, is the donut. not that good. frosting, yes. but the rest of it was a little tasteless. but that's small stuff. robust is well worth a visit. at least three times a week, i bike down from the north side to somewhere on the south side or western suburbs for exercise and exploration, then work remotely, so i'll be coming in all fall and winter. this place is a keeper. pro-tip: it will get a little loud during the bottom of the 3:00 hour when a lot of kids roll in rom one of the local schools. they're fine overall, but they are teenagers, so they're going to be a little loud. but the vast majority of them take their food to go, so it's a mild annoyance at worst.i love this coffee shop because it's a nice place where i am able to get my work done when i want to get out the house. my only disappointment is that they are frequently out of chai tea when i visit in the afternoons. they also have a pretty good selection of sandwiches and small salads.i see based on other reviews i have to try the honey nut latte. i'll try on my next visit.robust is such a great space to work or meet up with friends.food: i like to get the bacon, egg, and cheese on an english muffin. the first time i ordered it, i ate it so fast i forgot to take a picture. lol. when i went back the second time, i remembered. they also have donuts and a variety of food (sandwiches, salads) you can order. drinks: i enjoy their berry smoothie. the first time i went, i ordered the honey nut latte. it was decent, but i prefer to go to robust for the food and the space. space: robust is huge. there is a ton of space in the front and the back. you never feel too closed in next to someone \u00a0else. the cafe has nice big windows which lets in a lot of natural light. service: the service is always good. the baristas and cashiers are always kind, and provide good service. i definitely recommend going to robust. if i lived closer i would definitely be a regular.coffee was amazing!! i got an iced caramel latte and my friend got a hot french vanilla latte. 10/10 and the customer service was sweet and patient.so happy this gem is in my neighborhood. i've been coming here for about 3 years. i can enjoy robust even when i'm working from home because they deliver! we love the breakfast sandwich and brisket grilled cheese.good experience every time! on the pricey side for food but lattes are in the standard price range.let's spend a second dreaming about that honey nut latte. holy delicious! who knew coffee, almond milk and honey could be so perfect?! i will say, it is a bit pricey at almost $5.50, but as a very occasional treat, 100% worth it! while i was there i also (calorically, not monetarily) splurged on an amazing double chocolate cake donut. i had to remind myself that i was in public and need not inhale it. their drinks and sweets are so on point at robust. pro-tip: between 6am-8am all food is 50%!the only downfall is not everyone that works there is kind or efficient. they typically have one person working cash register (and serving simple black coffee) and one person making all of the other drinks, so if you snoozed, you're losing, because you might be 10th in line even at 7:30am! .... totally worth it though for that honey nut latte and donut :)stopped in because need a pick me up. their speciality is the mocha diablo..it is espresso, milk and the in house diablo syrup. i did almond milk instead of regular milk. i will say that the diablo is the bomb! it's the right hint of spicy and also not too sweet. they also have an assortment of pastries but i didn't try any..if you want a cute little coffee shop i think robust will provide.cute little shop in hyde park. i ordered a croissant and coffee which i really enjoyed. inside looks really trendy for anyone that cares about aesthetics. check this place out if you haven't.i've been going to robust for 6 years now. \u00a0it continually has gotten worse and worse. \u00a0the mochas are more foam than liquid now like a cappuccino. \u00a0i understand it happening once or twice, but it's been several times now. i'm not paying $5 for foam. \u00a0a sandwich, chip, and pop are always over $10 and the wait to get the sandwich is often near 10 minutes. this is acceptable if the food is unique or good, but the food is rather mediocre and not worth the price. starbucks is about a mile north on woodlawn, i might have to start travelling there for my caffeine kick.interesting!!! this is a college district, so i would image things would be cheaper - i guess not. came here with a friend, just so happens the same sandwich caught both our eyes - the brisket grilled cheese...yum! \u00a0although it was very tasty, i don't think i'd come back. the price of $9.37 for a grilled cheese with a few shredded pieces of beef with no fries/chips or a drink...that's super expensive. my friend's total came to $15.37, she ordered a small coffee which btw is $5.50. \u00a0it's another $1.75 to upgrade it wasn't worth it. \u00a0also, i would image this venue is relatively new, the space is nice and it seats a great number of people, but the seats are horrible. they're all taped up and sunken in. i'm not sitting on that, gross!!i love their half off breakfast deal from 6-8. robust bowl with sausage is my favorite. they also have many options for lunch items and i've recently had one of their newest salads (chopped bellview salad). delicious!!!! i do have to say i enjoy coming here after 9ish since it can be really busy for the half off breakfast deal and a little noisy because of the school kids.not the friendliest baristas or the best tasting coffee. i guess they get points for the solid pastries and sandwiches. i actively look to support small local businesses and i want robust coffee to succeed. their long-term success will coincide with a stronger focus on customer service. they have a really cool space, they just need to hire staff to better represent the business.this place has gone so far downhill i can hardly believe it. was once my go-to in the area for a mocha, and occasionally a breakfast croissant or a grilled cheese. between the worsening staff, the constant array of bugs and occasional mice, and the food now struggling to meet mediocre quality, there's no longer much reason to come here at all. the staff used to be friendly and fun! their reward card is a joke as well-- i got large drinks every time i came here. fill up the reward card and you get a small (ridiculously small) drink. i asked if i could pay the difference and get my large-- 70 cents more than the small. the reply should have been no problem, you're a regular customer, we'll cover that 70 cents. instead it was \"reward card upgrades cost a dollar.\" i pointed out that the price difference was less than that, and the rude girl just repeated herself. if you all don't give a shit about your customers-- let alone the ones that are here 4-5 times a week-- then screw this place.i don't come to robust often, mostly because it's a bit out of the way from everything else around the hyde park/woodlawn area. buuut, when i do come, i am never disappointed. i'm not a coffee drinker (although i hear their coffee is incredible), but i do like hot chocolate. and their white hot chocolate is the absolute best. during the winter, i am willing to walk a mile and a half in 15 degree weather down from my apartment just to satisfy my robust craving. in the summers, i get their lemonades which are also great.the apple fritters--divine. the donuts--delicious.this place is a hidden gem, and it's great for the flourishing community in the woodlawn area. there is always street parking and is a 15 min walk away from the uchicago campus.great coffee and the food is even better.. not the best area to hang around in but all in all it's worth it.quick tip: when ordering the elvis be sure they don't water it down or skimp out on the peanut butter...best coffee house bar in south side chicago. very nice friendly baristas. their caramel frappe is the best! its way better than starbucks & dunkin' donuts! i love the atmosphere. it's very chilling in there. i live in highland indiana, and i be taking the cta stony island bus getting off at 63rd and take 10 minute walk to 63rd & woodlawn. my buddy recommended me this coffee shop. the area is little rough, but this coffee shop is a must stop. i'll be coming back once in the while. keep up the good work right here. i will continue to supporting this place!friendly staff and really good coffee. i had a tuna melt and i was very pleased with it. it was fresh and it came with candy. i didn't know it was going to have candy, so that was an neat surprise. i also like the location. i work in that area and usually get dunkin donuts by the train. i had extra time and was further down 63rd and found this place. note: they made a mistake on one of my orders, \u00a0but were so nice and handled things well. major props for that.i was in town a couple of weeks ago staying in the area and heard this place was worth a try so we ordered for delivery. got our food pretty quickly, the french toast was really good and definitely a good recommendation. definitely recommend this place.love love love! great coffee and atmosphere. try the breve iced with an extra espresso shot - my go to. best part... parking is always available! the only con is it is a bit pricey but typical for a great coffee shop. the employees are super friendly too!there are two rooms here: an airy one with lots of windows on the corner, and a cosier one where lots of men are playing chess. the regular coffee is pretty good, and comes in a very large mug. apparently the breakfast sandwiches are also good. we got a grilled cheese without the bacon, and a bagel sandwich. both were good (especially the grilled cheese), and we appreciated that the server confirmed that it was a grilled cheese without bacon when serving it. the mudslide was fun for being so decadent, but i didn't actually love it, though i can't say exactly why. next time i might just get a donut.very nice place. i ordered the banana bread french toast, very tasty. they have a nice size menu. can't wait to return to try other things on the menu.my children have been long time patrons of robust coffee because it is within walking distance from their school however the lack of respect and appreciation for the students and staff who are the main contributors to their success is unacceptable.robust needs to take care of its respect for the local neighborhood asap. i have been there multiple times and seen the management behave incredibly inappropriately towards local hs students. students cannot be told to their face they are \"good kids\" or \"bad kids.\" the owner is especially disrespectful about this situation. it needs to be remedied right away.if you want to be treated like crap and experience the neighborhood teenagers being treated like worse than crap, come here. \u00a0i work in the neighborhood and have never experienced such poor service (20 minute wait for a bagel, old veggies with their hummus plate, wrong items in the order). it's one thing to treat me poorly (i have a car and can go elsewhere easily), but a completely different story when you're just plain disrespectful to the young people who go to the high school just down the block. you would think they would join forces with the school, but from what i have witnessed, they are just plain evil to the kids for no reason other than they are kids. \u00a0be sure to bring a fat wallet. you don't get out of here cheap.why? just why does the music need to be blasted so loud like i'm in an 80's nightclub? thank goodness i had headphones but i could still hear it. i asked the cashier, with my fingers close together in a pinch gesture could the music be turned down just a teensy bit. she said \"i guess we can turn it down a little. it's probably not as loud in the back.\" i explained that i was meeting someone who was already set up in the front. but guess what? i had already thought of that solution but i could still hear it back there so that's actually why i asked could they turn it down. i don't understand why the volume had to be so loud when most people were working or trying to have conversations. and a request, not to turn it off because that would be kinda ridiculous, but to turn it down just a little, was not even honored. i think atlantic starr or evelyn champagne king was playing just as loud if not louder as i sat there. ugh i used to like this place.this is my favorite coffee house. \u00a0the staff is always pleasant, patient and helpful. it's my go to for coffee, remote office, quick bites or just to see a smiling face.oh my goodness. great vibe, great food, robust coffee. chill vibe, spacious, great place for meetings. highly recommend checking out this spot!nice space. staff are ok, some friendly some not. first time i went they apologized for taking so long. second time took really long too, but this time i got attitude for asking. i hope they fix the speed. i personally won't find out.this is a perfect little coffee spot with so much more to offer than just coffee. although there can be a wait it's sooo worth it for anything on their menu. their coffee selection is extensive, their smoothie options are great, but the best part are the milkshakes here. cannot recommend the oreo shake enough! it's a perfect blend of oreos and ice cream not making it overwhelming sweet. and the espresso milkshake comes in second best.this is one of my new favorite spots! \u00a0the coffee is good (i drink mine black) and the lox & bagel was really tasty! \u00a0the music was mellow and i was able to have a wonderful conversation with my friend. \u00a0i will definitely be back. \u00a0the atmosphere was beyond inviting!great coffee shop with a very authentic menu. the non coffee drinks are really refreshing and crisp. if you are looking to do work i highly suggest going here. they have a ton of space and uber friendly folks.i'm not sure what the hype is about. \u00a0i got their latte and it tastes like coffee flavored milk.tldr:- 2 stars off for sub par coffee.- 1 star off for pretentious barista.- 2 stars for being a local business and pricing. long story:i was driving by this place just after 7am and i wanted a cup of coffee so i tried looking inside and i didn't see anyone, and there was no open sign, so i parked and went in anyways. it was open. so i ordered a large mocha with an extra shot because their large mochas only come with 2 shots apparently. so i told the barista \"hey you guys should think about getting an open sign, as i just saw someone else drive by slowly looking inside to see if you were open.\" barista replies, \"no i don't think so. our regular customers know when we are open.\" i respond \"it was just a suggestion\"thanks for the pretentiousness, but if you want to run a business then you should make new customers feel welcome. this isn't a social club. if i had gone to starbucks instead at 7am you would know it was open because there would be so many people.finally i get the coffee and it tastes like chocolate milk. even though it's cheaper than starbucks you have to add enough espresso shots to make it more than starbucks. maybe he didn't put my extra shot, or any espresso at all. there was no other people there so that's not an excuse. maybe business is booming other times, but it wasn't looking so good when i went. i guess the starbucks at the hospital i work at will do.the food was good. but for $36 the portions were so small and not worth the price paid. the food was hot and made correctly. the best part of the meal was the over sized lemonade but this is not an experience i would pay for again.great little community coffee shop. love the vibes and the friendly staff. excited this is walking distance from home! :)this is probably my favorite place to eat in the area for a quick fix up and decent coffee. a bit pricey, but their sandwiches are awesome. especially their grilled cheese and bacon. perfect if you're in the area and need a quick bite. would give a 5, but the prices are to steep.i have always been wondering if there was any good coffee shop around the university of chicago. \u00a0back in january this year, my yelp elite friends, eva. s and jen b. (hi, girls) showed me this indie coffee shop passport. \u00a0robust coffee lounge in woodlawn was on the list. \u00a0i finally made it here with daddy j. \u00a0rcl technically isn't \"on\" campus, but it's south of uc border on the southwest corner of woodlawn and 63rd. \u00a0their coffee is reasonably-priced. \u00a0for $8 and some change, we had a large, bold, and wake-me-up americano and a large, mildly-spiced, calm-me-down diablo mocha. \u00a0i actually like this place a lot for these following reasons:1) free working wifi2) bright lighting through large windows3) plenty of seating for solo and group travelers4) friendly service 5) good selections of books, magazines, and newspapers they accept major credit cards (not sure about the minimum purchase). \u00a0it's also accessible via #63 bus (with a seasonal service east to the 63rd. st. beach).ok, now i'm done with the review. \u00a0it's time for me to space out at rcl...they need to polish up on the customer service.... ordered online and they made the order incorrectly. tried to get it corrected but some guy claiming to be the owner was a real douche bag with zero people skills. the owner literally told me f-u-c-k you when i objected to his rude tone regarding an order they made incorrectly. he hung up in my face and i had to call 5 times to find out how to get my order correct, so i asked if i needed to come over there and he said he'd call the police and knows what my address is. he scolded me and said i need to listen to him. at that point i said to him you are clearly a racist. he kept saying i don't know what your race is and i said you are a white man and you know i am black and would never talk to a white customer this way. i finally got a refund from doordash after he refused to give the new dasher a remake of my order.... he told her i was an a-s-s-h-o-l-e and they were not remaking my order. i guess blacks who live south of his shop don't deserve customer service or respect. hey man don't let those ratings go to your head.... you can still go out of business if you keep being a jerk!this is my first review in years! just moved to chicago and had to review this place. \u00a0the coffee is smooth and strong. the smoothie are made with honest to god real fruit (unlike some places i've noticed claim are made with real fruit but it's just syrup). \u00a0the coffee comes in xxl which is like a large soda at the movie theater. \u00a0yes ma'am sign me up!the food is great too with vegan/vegitarian options.i wrote one review sharing how disappointed i was in the breakfast bowl i ordered (5.17.16). since then, i found out that the advertising for the coffee shake is false. the sign says \"cold brewed coffee, cinnamon, almond milk\". the reality is that they use a coffee mix from a packet that contains tons of sugar, saturated fat, and preservatives. one serving is half the packet, but they put the whole packet in for one shake, meaning the calories start at about 500 just for the mix. the \"cinnamon\" is a syrup, adding more sugar to the drink.at least starbucks is honest about their ingredients for a comparable drink, the coffee frappucino. and, starbucks ingredients are better for my health. a coffee shop needs to serve real coffee. there's absolutely no excuse for using a cheap mix.robust coffee is lying to customers and lagging behind starbucks for coffee quality. i won't be going back, and am considering contacting the better business bureau regarding their misrepresentation of the product ingredients.this is my snow day destination! \u00a0cozy and friendly with a delicious assortment of sandwiches and baked goods. \u00a0hot coffee and delicious coffee drinks as well.love this coffee shop in woodlawn. breakfast sandwiches are perfect hangover food. the space is really creative and unique.this cafe has the worst customer service ever. my daughter purchased something to eat and was told to eat it outside. the employee here along with the owner talks to people as if we're nothing. thumbs downi like this coffee lounge since my kiddo goes to school right next door. i also work in the area, so if the lines aren't very long i love to come in for a hot cup of dark roasted coffee and a pastry to go. it always smells amazing when you walk in. you aren't always greeted with a big smile but the service is always polite and accurate. the menu is just the right size, i hate large menus since i'm so indecisive, but they cover pretty much all the basics from sandwiches to shakes. the place itself always seems to be clean and organized. the environment is mixed, from folks coming in to have a quick business meeting to those just grabbing a snack while they wait for the bus. it's literally a gem for the woodlawn area. they also have the little stamp cards, so if you frequent often you can get a free drink! most small cafes don't offer this, but that's a perk that keeps me coming back. i love the 63rd turkey club, don't change a thing about it. i haven't been able to enjoy a lot of other options since i'm a busy mom and always on the go, but i can't wait to try their little breakfast bowl. i hate seeing people tear small business apart on yelp and other reviews sites. next time try speaking with the owner or manager first before trying to \"hit them where it hurts\". i'm a native of the hyde park/woodlawn area and have worked over here for years, in restaurants, business offices, you name it! small business owners are more likely to hear your opinion, even if they don't agree they will always hear you out and address any issues you may have. the owner is a very nice guy. :)been coming here a couple of times per month. really liked it - great coffee choices and interesting and tasty sandwiches. a recent service experience put this place and its people at the top. was meeting someone to transact some biz. bought some items including a pound of blue heeler coffee. like a dope i took off without my bag of joe. i came back 10 days later, took a flyer and asked if they had it. snap snap the young lady retrieves it from the display case with a note on it \"coming back for me\". how great is that?! small things done right are so uplifting. thanks robust.great coffee teas and sandwiches! chill atmosphere too. moderate sandwich service speed though.i'm angry it took me so long to find out about this place! i had the breakfast bowl which was fresh and delicious. the vibe is very inviting and chic all while still being authentic to the neighborhood. i really enjoyed my breakfast and will def be back for dinner!i come here a lot because of its proximity to my workplace--sometimes on the clock and sometimes not, depending. in the 25 or so times that i've been to robust, i've tried a lot of the menu and i have also had a lot of different interactions with different staff. i have not had a particularly consistent experience here, which is why i have held off on a review. i've had some five-star customer service experiences and some two-star customer dr vide experiences. i've had some five-star food and some two-star food. i'm going to focus instead on my overall experience, including the sum of 25 visits to robust. overall, robust is an excellent addition to the woodlawn community. it's located conveniently right on the corner and it's a meeting place for lifelong residents of the community, as well as university of chicago staff and students who want to venture a little off the beaten path off campus. uniform-clad school children can frequently be found here enjoying a snack or beverage after school hours. the diversity of customers at robust is great and adds to the welcoming atmosphere.the service can be hit or miss. some of the staff are incredibly kind, patient, and friendly, while others are fairly negligent and inattenive. my orders are messed up maybe 35% of the time, which is not the best. i have had my order forgotten more than a few times. sometimes, the staff are really apologetic and offer to give me extra flavor or a bigger size to compensate. sometimes, they barely bat an eyelash. i've tried maybe half of the menu items, including blended drinks like the oreo madness, smoothies like the almond milk, banana, chai, food items like the grilled cheese and hummus platter, the mocha diablo, pumpkin spice latte, gingerbread latte, etc. so, why the four-star rating? at the end of the day, i know i can count on robust to be a cozy haven--a true gem in woodlawn. robust has a great atmosphere, acceptable drinks/food/prices, and (most importantly, for me) seating, outlets, and wifi. seriously, i have never not been able to find a seat or outlet here and that is the most important thing! i will continue to be a happy customer at robust as long as i work in woodlawn.love this place! food is great....coffee is even better. it's a great place to have a small meeting or come and catch up on reading/work. i have had the tuna melt and several breakfast sandwiches (it's an addiction ). the staff is friendly and it's clean.good coffee and a decent place to work or meet. i think they would have decent food based on the coffee and what things looked like, but i didn't try anything. definitely next time i'm down there.had a bacon egg an cheese sandwich on a croissant it was hot and fresh love this neighborhood spot for quick fresh sandwich an coffeenever. ever. coming back here. since i cant delete. here. 5 stars. my review is too short and yelp want to make it a tip to others.stellar coffee and fast and kind customer service! everyone there is so incredibly nice. i love that the space is so large and there are different areas that all give off a different ambiance for however you are feeling. strong wifi, great music, nice lighting and a printing station too! the tuna melt and the 63rd street salad (because of the homemade ranch) were my favorites. this is definitely going to be a new favorite spot.i'm in this area every few months, but i just noticed this cafe today. i was very impressed with the spaciousness and decor. it was very inviting and seems like a great place to so work or study. the staff were very friendly and accommodating. i had the infamous mocha diablo and i must say that the coffee was enjoyable and had a nice kick to it. i wasn't impressed with their glazed donut though; it was bland and had aftertaste. they had a large selection of donuts so i would bet that the other donuts taste better.i absolutely love this place! it is a hidden gem. the drinks are just perfect. the food is amazing! i love it when i get a chance to stop by here. the staff is super friendly and the vibe is just so chill and calm. what a great spot!once, a long time ago and in a suburb far, far away, i accidentally put in about a teaspoon of honey in my newly-purchased dark roast coffee. i chalked this up to an \"oops\" and quickly grabbed the simple syrup bottle instead.so when robust coffee lounge comes along and intentionally sells me a \"honey nut latte\", you've caught my attention. and i wasn't sure if it was in a good way, or a bad way.short answer: in a good way. the honey and rich coffee work together really well, actually, with the flavors complementing each other and not conflicting. the \"nut\" part of the drink (probably almond syrup) was a nice touch, and i think that was what made the whole thing quite sweet. it's an excellent iced coffee, with a rich sweetness. and it was perfect for a post-run drink. it's a nice place to hang out in, to boot. woodlawn has a fine coffee shop in its borders.today was my first time and i have the say the experience was very delightful. the cashier was very knowledgeable about their product. she gave me her opinion on what she like which i liked allot. the prices are reasonable to me and the atmosphere was peaceful. \u00a0my daughter and brother said they loved the favor lemonade, camel crunch to me was delicious, and my lox sandwich was great. i will definitely return. i recommend you try it .i went on a tuesday morning at about 10am. they had a steady flow of customers. when we were about to order someone came and told the cashier there was only one order of grits left. my daughter ordered the breakfast bowl, which includes grits. i wanted a bowl but ordered a sandwich. we also got banana bread french toast. she got an oreo drink and i got the mocha diablo. after waiting about ten minutes. someone comes to the table and tells us they are out of grits. so she changed to a sandwich. nobody mentioned refunding the difference. the oreo blended drink was underwhelming. the mocha diablo was very good. the banana bread french toast was ok. the breakfast sandwiches were ok. if you're looking to meet-up with someone or hang around on your laptop or phone it's a very nice laid-back spot. i was interested in food. maybe the lunch sandwich experience is better.for someone who studies so close, it's a shame that i hadn't visited robust more often. this cafe is thankfully relatively not crowded and mostly devoid of students so it's a lovely escape from academia. it's a relatively small place but that adds to it's charm. numerous tables near outlets and free wifi make this an excellent place to do work beyond the confines of a library. it's a lot quieter than a starbucks, even with music playing, their coffee is excellent and decently priced. but lemme tell you about their rueben: a+. just the right amount of corned need and cabbage. so delicious. i'm actually sad that i have been living so long without it. if you're in the area, come on by. you won't regret it.the breakfast sandwich is amazing, i went there for the first time today and asked what they suggested usually when i ask what people suggest they suggest the pricey stuff on the menu. but when i robust they suggested on of the cheaper items and it was amazing they really know what there find i'm looking forward to coming backdespite having lived within walking distance to robust for the past year, i never made the short trek there to try it out before now. what a mistake! this spot has delicious food, plenty of seating, and fantastic music playing to liven up the atmosphere. this is a very sunny spot that is perfect for grabbing lunch with a friend or for studying. they have a great selection of sandwiches for lunch- i had the roast beef, which came on an onion roll and was very tasty! i can't wait to come back here again and try out the many yummy-looking pastries and cakes they have on display!the banana bread french toast is great! \u00a0i am also a huge fan of the egg, bacon, cheese, and avocado croissant. \u00a0during the busiest times, i have still never waited more than 10 minutes. \u00a0i am so happy to have this business in woodlawn!in search of good coffee & in support of small business i came across this place! excited to try and be blown away by their robust coffee i was certainly blown away by the price . their small coffee only has 1 espresso shot where as other places i have visited there are 2 espresso shots which is why i had to pay extra for a small 12 oz coffee. the coffee was great the beans made a great vanilla latte. would i stop by again ... maybe not but if you're willing to pay 5 and some change for a small coffee then be my guest ! staff making the coffee was not very friendly i said thank you and have a good day and he just looked at me with dislike .what an awesome place. \u00a0the vibe there is always right. \u00a0they have a very strong and delicious menu too. \u00a0best of luck to derrick and jake!robust coffee is my favorite hyde park-area coffee shop. in order: 4. sip & savor3. bridgeport coffee2. greenline (woodlawn location)1. robust coffeetheir honey nut latte is delicious and i absolutely love the homemade biscuits and gravy, too.i really like this place. the decor inside is really cool. the staff is friendly and the food is good! i like to go here, grab a bite and get some work done. it's a woodlawn area gem. -- only problem i've had was the nearby school let out and the students piled inside,and were rather noisy. not sure if that's a regular thing or only in the winter, nonetheless i'm still a customer.i love coming here to study but it seems like the bathroom is never clean. also the floor in the back part of the shop is really dirty. if it's not going to be cleaned everyday at least aim for every other day.what a cool new place i happened to stumble upon! i loved the atmosphere of the place and the coffee and food is delicious too. i'm glad i found a great new coffee spot in the neighborhood. perfect place to come for breakfast or lunch or if you're a student it seems like a great place to study or hangout with your friends. i am most definitely coming back here whenever i can. we need more cool cafes in the area and robust helps! their menu is pretty diverse too i couldn't figure out what i wanted everything seemed so good, from sweet oreo waffles to a breakfast bowl and anything in between. i decided to build my own breakfast sandwich which was a sausage egg and cheese with avocado on a croissant roll, with a dark chocolate mocha to go with it. delicious! you will not be disappointed.my goto morning coffee and donut shop! in the woodlawn community, mostly utilized by university of chicago students and staff. nice place to study, work, or read. staff members are friendly and invitingreally nice neighborhood spot for quick and tasty food and coffee. staff is extremely friendly and the place is clean and eclecticrobust has a great selection of coffees, teas, refreshing beverages, and sandwiches (both breakfast and lunch). i was visiting my sister for a week and came here twice -- once to hang out and another time to sit and do work for a few hours. there is plenty of seating in the back room and the staff are very friendly. it's also a pretty affordable place for the quality you receive. i will be coming here for sure when i am in town.i just had one of the worst customer service experiences. i placed an order over the phone for two breakfast sandwiches and a shake @ robust coffee lounge on 63rd and woodlawn. upon arrival i was informed that they don't take bills higher than $20. now see this is bs starts. the cashier goes and ask the (white) manager, owner, whatever he was if he could expect my c-note. he looks at me with this jacked up expression on his face then tells her no. i felt some kind of way about the look he gave me. then the cashier proceeds to inform me there's a gas station 4 blocks away where i could get change. to make a long story short. i come back and my food is cold, shake melted and i'm hot and pissed off not to mention now i have to wait in line. moral of the story is, if had been a doctor from up the street at the university with a lab coat on i bet it wouldn't have been a problem. nowhere in the establishment is it posted that they don't except large bills so how the hell can you not honor my cash. i will never set foot in this place again. don't get me wrong, i love their food but it's not worth the humiliation i received this morning.don't get me wrong i really like this coffee shop but the wait for food is excruciating ! if you're in a rush this is definitely not the place to go. however if you have time to kill you'll probably have an enjoyable experience...the good:- the people behind the counter are fantastic and friendly. love them all!- great brand of coffee. - cool atmosphere- good location- comfortable- non-dairy milks available- nice selection of baked goods from a local bakery- coffee by-the-pound that they will grind for you- nice selection of smoothies- homemade \"diablo\" syrup is a sweet and spicy coffee flavour they make in house for the mocha diablo. - usually quiet, \u00a0free wifi! great to get some work done.- kid friendly, with a book shelf for reading in your down timethe bad:- non-dairy milks are all sweetened, which makes any fancy non-dairy latte too sweet after the flavouring is added.- a lot of the food is low quality pre-made mixes and packaged products (pancakes aren't fresh made batter, hummus is pre-packaged, the \"cheese\" is orange american style single slices, \u00a0breakfast condiments are just smucker's jams and pancake syrupetc. skip the food.)- blended cold drinks are made with a packet of pre-mixed artificially flavoured powders (yuck. just skip these entirely)- flavoured coffee syrups are cheap, teeth shatteringly sweet and give your latte a chemical taste. avoid the flavored coffees (with the exception of the homemade diablo syrup).i want to love robust, but i can't give 5 stars because they are lacking in quality and attention to detail. i'll keep going back though, because small local business support is important, and they're still miles better than dd or starbucks!i went to robust for the first time this morning & the kids they have working the register is rude as hell!.. obviously they don't have any type of customer service. i went to starbucks earlier & ordered a drink there. on my way home my son mentioned he was hungry, so i went into robust & decided to order him a breakfast sandwich. i probably shouldn't have walked into the store with the starbucks cup but i was moving really fast. when i walked up to the register the girl rudely told me before i order i have to throw out my starbucks cup because it's a competitor. all the while a young guy stood next to her & stared at me in disgust. i told her i'm not sitting in & i just want to order to go, she rolled her eyes & said go ahead. i should've just left but seeing my child was hungry i just went ahead & spent $5.10 ( which was more than my coffee at starbucks). however i will never spend another dime in there again because even if you don't tolerate outside drinks/food in your establishment it need to be communicated in a customer friendly way. they acted as if i still wasn't spending my hard earned $ there. \u00a0i guess other coffee drinkers $ isn't wanted there. i actually worked at starbucks years ago & if someone walked to our register with a dunkin donuts cup we didn't refuse their service, what sense does that make?.. they might've wanted to drink dunkin donuts but their mate preferred starbucks. now if i would've attempted to sit at a table & eat my sandwich there with my starbucks drink then i can see the problem.i'm a fan. \u00a0good coffee, tasty sandwiches (i'm fond of breakfast sandwiches on challah), and without the hipster pretension of some other coffeeshops in the area.i once even dropped a check out of my wallet when i was there, and one of the folks working there went out of their way to find me. \u00a0it was like they viewed their customers as...people!i went here last week. i really liked the place! the coffee was very good. and the staff was incredibly nice! i highly recommend!looks like it could be a nice place but i wasn't pleased with the service....or lack thereof. we walked in to get drinks and ice cream and when i saw the menu i told my kids maybe we'd come in one day for breakfast. we stood at the counter and there was a girl making a drink. her hair was awesome but she glanced at us and said nothing. we stood around. \u00a0a guy came from the back and made eye contact, but said nothing. we stood around. the girl came over and stood there silently. no, \"hello, may i help you?\" nothing. my son wants to know if they have ice cream. \"floats.\" he asks again. i try to explain that from her response i assume they only have vanilla ice cream and some sort of flavors of soda. she remains silent. he asks if they have cookies and cream. she shakes her head. ok, he'll take a cookie. i ask what the shaken lemonade is. it's lemonade with flavors. ok. we order a lemonade. \u00a0i ask how much the boxed water is (because it's fancy and people like to charge ridiculous prices for fancy stuff) she doesn't answer. ok. \"so you want a cookie, a lemonade and a boxed water?\" no, i wanted to know how much the water is. $2. no thanks. she fresh squeezed (awesome!) the lemonade for my daughter and hands it to me. we walk out and my daughter spits the lemonade out. it's bitter. unsweetened. why not mention that? we go back in for sugar. \u00a0maybe i asked too many questions. maybe i wanted more because i'd just run 3 miles or maybe it was because i kept seeing this place and saying i was going to stop in. whatever it was, i wasn't pleased with the service. \u00a0i've had a bad week dealing with ups and comcast, i want a smile and a hello at the local coffee shop, i guess.front end staff and servers are great. manager is unprofessional. sandwiches are great on some days and just \"meh\" on others. breakfast bowls are not good. restaurant is clean. nice ambiance.nice little coffee spot but i wasn't a fan of the london fog. honestly just tasted like warm milk and tea... their sandwiches look really great though.delicious sandwiches with soft tasty bread and the best cup of coffee i have had in ages.the staff is personable and they gladly accommodate my culinary eccentricities such as the everything bagel with a hard fried egg, lettuce, onion and tomato with light basil cream cheese. \u00a0the \"half-priced-after 5,\" freshly-made smoothies are a delight. \u00a0as they expand their offerings and space, they have assured me that they shall even better accommodate vegetarians. \u00a0we shall see. \u00a0in the meantime, i shall order my usual.this is a gem tucked in the city of chicago. the honey nut latte tasted like honey nut cheerios. the sausage biscuit was on a real biscuit and was fantastic. hit this place up next time you are on the south side!this place is a hit or miss. let me start by saying that this place has very nice ambiance and the employees are usually courteous and polite. i usually go for there delicious breakfast sandwiches and nothing else. i've tried other menu items and i was left disappointed. their shakes and coffee drinks are diluted with a lot of milk, so save your money if you're thinking about purchasing these items. so don't set your expectations too high if you want real coffee drinks, robust doesn't have real baristas.this place beats the pants out of starbucks. \u00a0staff is very friendly and the decor is old school with industrial qualities. i would definitely suggest having a taste of the honey nut latte. this drink is an amazing warm, smooth, and just the right amount of love in a cup \u00a0to brighten any day.where have i been? i live in the area and pass this location almost daily. great neighborhood spot for coffee and a light breakfast or lunch. i tried the carmel frappuccino and it was delicious. i also had a make it yourself breakfast sandwich. i'll be back!this place is close to where my sister lives, so we decided to get some coffee and breakfast here on a sunday morning. it was mostly empty when we arrived so we were able to order quickly. i had the robust breakfast bowl and my sister had biscuits and gravy. both hit the spot. the coffee was very good as well. what i like most is the atmosphere inside, it had a cool vibe and unique character. definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.the cappuccino could be better; was not as strong as we would have liked it to have been, though the way the establishment was designed distracted us from that. board games are shelved, and it is in fact an actual lounging spot. if you're looking for a place to study, or you're simply looking to get away for some peace of mind, i recommend stopping by.great place for studying. lots of room and everyone is super nice. their mocha is amazing. plus, the breakfast sandwich i ordered was made fresh. it was so good! my friend didn't love the mocha because she said it was too sweet, but i think a little sweetness it deserved with chocolate. she did love the apple donut though! i can't wait to return!super cute, wonderful debit always smells amazing, has an extensive menu of blended drinks as well as coffee drinks and teas, etc. came for lunch one day, got a blt didn't regret it. also they have free wifi. can't beat that.me and my boyfriend have been coming to this establishment for four months now and progressively worse. originally we fell in love with robust (63rd & woodlawn), but as time went on, the food was made with less care, brought out incorrect according to the receipt (twice), cold, and as of today, a 25 minute wait. what took the cake was what my boyfriend found in his sandwich, a rogue piece of paper. it seems as if it is a piece of deli or packing paper. that can happen to anyone, i understand. it's just \u00a0the staff this day was unapologetic. i'll probably stop by for a quick cup of coffee, but for food, that's a whole different story. side note:during the other mishaps the staff was quick to correct the problem. now, they seem unmotivated or even worse, disinterested in pleasing the customer.everything here is good and made the way i like my food to taste! the grits aren't bland, the sandwiches are well balanced and the smoothies are delicious. the service is cool, i mean you don't feel like you are a part of the family lol but the prices are so reasonable for the great quality!also, the wifi is strong so it is a great place to work or study.my favorite cafe in hyde park. i love the coffee and the cute interior. everyone is always friendly, i will continue to visit.i like the sandwiches. i like the coffee. i like the ambiance. i don't like the half ass, unbothered demeanor of some of the staff. p.s. don't ask to get your sandwich cut after they send it out. you will be directed to the plastic knives near the condiment stand. yes, i know i'm being petty. but it's the principle!i've been an avid fan of robust for years now. the drinks are cheap (or at least cheaper than starbucks) and i've never had a problem with my order. the sandwiches are great - my go to's are the sausage biscuit and the bbq betty. they run a variety of promotions ($5 sandwiches after a certain time, half price coffee at certain times) so check their fb page before you drop by.i've been here a couple of times. it's a great study space, as long as you don't come super early in the morning during the school year. \u00a0order the mocha diablo! also, while most people come for coffee and food, i would recommend trying their (mango) lemonade.a very solid neighborhood coffee shop with friendly staff and tasty food. good prices all the way around. i'm definitely sad that i don't live around the corner from them anymore. my only issue is that they are fairly slow with getting food out, which isn't great if you're on your way to work. they also don't use the highest quality ingredients in their breakfast items--very processed mixes, etc. but their sandwiches are great and reasonably priced.nice small place to get some coffee and baked goods. their sandwiches aren't bad either! definitely worth a try.quirky, independent local establishment that is great for coming with friends for unique breakfast combinations. whenever i'm in chicago my friends and i come here after mass. try the bacon waffles!got the grits breakfast bowl and a nutella strawberry cinnamon waffle and it was all just okay. tea with steamed milk was excellent. music when we arrived on a saturday morning was heavy metal. very kind staff changed it after i requested something more relaxing, but it slowly got more intense before it changed back to something relaxing again. a couple hours later it abruptly changed back to heavy metal so we left. overall: nice staff, forgettable food, good tea, and a nice space.i was disappointed in the service. \u00a0but i was even more disappointed that my blt had only one strip of bacon!!! like, how?! i've never seen anything like it before lol. i asked for another strip of bacon and was looked at like i was crazy lol. it seemed promising but after that i might stop in just for the coffee if i'm in the areait's okay for people who like being on lab tops and drink coffee all day ,more of a sandwich shop. ok but i doubt i'll come back. more yuppie style.hidden gem..old school coffee place .good place to come and relax on a rainy day and have a cup of coffeerobust coffee lounge just makes me happy. \u00a0what doesn't make me happy is how far it is from where i live. \u00a0 i can assure you that i would likely have a new line item in my monthly budget if this place was in my neighborhood. \u00a05 reasons why robust rocks:1. excellent coffee - alterra beans roasted in milwaukee. \u00a0smooth and delicious!2. great food - i enjoyed an superb make-your-own breakfast sandwich (egg white, turkey, cheese on challah)3. lemonade - i watched them freshly squeeze the lemons that would become my mango lemonade. \u00a0so good!4. \u00a0outstanding decor and atmosphere. \u00a0seriously, i love it. \u00a0i want my dining room to look like it. \u00a05. friendly staff with personality. \u00a0thank you!don't pass up on this coffee house gem in south chicago.the dark roast coffee is really good as is the food. the 63rd club comes on really nice bread, really bumps the sandwich into another category. staff is always friendly. plus it's close by, so that always helps.today was the worst experience i've had in coming here (been a loyal customer for over a year)! up until 3 days ago, i hadn't tried the pancakes but they were delicious! the best i'd had in a long time - light in color and in texture, flavorful, golden and the size of the entire plate, almost.today, however, after 2 attempts i received smaller cakes that were black/dark brown (crisp on the edges) and not flavorful - along with an irritated look at the employee that had to take them back. i didn't even eat the second batch because i was so irritated that i drove all the way from the south loop just to have these either those delicious golden pancakes again or a golden waffle. i was sooooo upset about leaving there hungry - having to stop somewhere else after passing up the pancake house and chicken and waffles. total waste of money, gas and time today.hands down one of the best coffee shops in the city, right up there with dollop. the coffee is great, the food smells delicious, though i've yet to taste any of the cuisine. the atmosphere is very trendy, but manages to still feel very south side. there are plenty of outlets and seats, although the few times i went, the available seating was limited to the area by the door, because the lounge area was pretty packed. \u00a0when i was growing up down the street, i would never have imagined a place this cool and diverse venturing outside of the hyde park/ u of c area, but i'm glad they did.it's a hidden gem! really nice on the inside and very spacious. the food is quite tasty especially for a coffee shop. definitely recommend giving it a try.i called four times to order a sandwich. \u00a0 i couldn't get through. \u00a0 when i arrived and ordered i was told i should have called. \u00a0simple sandwich took a long time like 15 minutes. \u00a0 the manager told me i should ve called ugh...poor slow service.quite a nice place - the atmosphere is humming but not noisy, which is the kind of ambiance i like when i'm doing work.i tried the bbq lou and the herbie. the former was a winner - brisket was delicious and the coleslaw and bun were the perfect accompaniment. bonus: they give you little tootsie rolls/pops with your meal!the herbie, on the other hand, wasn't my favorite - the sandwich was basically a huge scoop of (really bland) chicken salad with some lettuce and bacon. the pumpernickel bread it came on was pretty good, but i wouldn't recommend the sandwich as a whole.i also had a chai latte, which was nice if a little on the bland side as well. while the flavor of the chai was good, it felt like the chai to milk ratio was a little low. i still enjoyed it enough that i would order it again, though.boyfriend had two of the smoothies: the hawaiian dream and the sunrise. i snuck a little of each - the former was my favorite of the two.overall, definitely worth the trip, and a nice place to get some studying done.let's see..i loved the little atmosphere it had, not bland at all. smelled like coffee and eggs! i loved that part.i decided to make my own sandwich. i made a croissant sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich. the sad part that made this place lose points was that the bread was very dry.the coffee? now that was good. good strong roast with some caramel i added.i tried their \"special\" biscuits with sausage gravy but unfortunately, it was far from special. unless all that paprika they sprinkled on top was suppose to make it special and not taste like paprika. the biscuits were good and were the highlight. the gravy barely had any sausage in it. the staff and atmosphere were just ok.i really want to love robust. \u00a0i do. \u00a0but i suspect much of the reason people love robust is that there is no good alternative in the area -- it is just a sad fact of life that (due to understandable neighborhood/demand/business/etc. considerations) the vast majority of the good coffeeshops are up north. \u00a0that said, i have two independent observations about robust.first is that the interior layout could be better. the space doesn't seem to be used in the best way, though i can't put my finger on why it feels this way. there are a number of individual-size tables that are good for people who are there to work on laptops, but many of those are inaccessible to outlets, and the ones by the windows in the front are somehow unappealing -- maybe due to rickety unstable chairs, and maybe just that the tables/area never seems to be clean. that leads me to my second observation, which is that i always get the feeling the surfaces/tables/floor/etc. are kind of dirty. \u00a0i'm not at all a clean freak. \u00a0but it just doesn't make me want to stay when i usually have to wipe down my table myself before i put my computer down, and there are often pieces of used equal packets, etc. laying around the milk/sugar table. if the coffee were somehow exceptional, neither of these things would matter so much. but the coffee is just average for any intelligentsia location. \u00a0i go to robust when i have to be on campus immediately afterward, and that's about it. \u00a0i know robust is trying to be this swanky coffee lounge in a neighborhood that hasn't really had that, but if that's the case, the maintenance/upkeep has to be like that of a swanky coffee lounge.i work on the southside of chicago and needed a place to get some work done in between commitments. \u00a0my friend recommended that i try out robust instead of the usual starbucks. \u00a0their claim to fame is apparently the mochadiablo, which was described to me as a mocha with habenaro sauce, so i of course, had to try it. \u00a0the spiciness was on the mild side, even for a coffree, and wasn't anything special. \u00a0i thought it was overpriced, even for a special coffee. \u00a0they have a lot of outlets around the perimeter of the shop, which makes it a good place to work. \u00a0i'd go back here again, but the coffee isn't anything to write home about.when this place first opened it was the best. high quality and great service. it really has gone down in quality and the service is really lacking now. the fresh squeezed lemonade often tastes too bitter, their pineapple green tea is too acidic, the croissants are now just heavy buns, donuts are hard and dry on several occasions. went to get a english muffin there the other day and asked for it toasted, it came out rubbery and soft. sent it back twice and then just gave up, threw it out and went elsewhere. my brothers went there the other day and even their specialty sandwich, bbq betty, was dry and not delicious anymore. i'm sad. really loved this place for the first year or two. not worth it anymore.i'm not saying they have the best food ever -- indeed, the sandwiches are a little simple and a little bland -- but there is something so delightfully *earnest* about this place. \u00a0the space is bright, lively, and welcoming; the service is friendly; they make their own soup. \u00a0and in it is in a little corner of south hyde park that desperately needs something welcoming and earnest. \u00a0i've lived in chicago for less than two months and i've already been here three times.nice place! had the bbq betty. it was suppose to be on a pretzel bun, they were out of them so i was offered an onion roll. i must say it was tasty but every bite i wished i had that pretzel bun. \u00a0also got a piece of carmel cake that was huge, tasted average and was $5, ugh. seems like a great place to escape and get some work done, or \u00a0study. nothing else really around it in walking distance.the service here sucks! i've popped in a few times and almost always made to feel like an inconvenience. don't expect a \"hello\", \"good morning \", a smile or even eye contact, it more than likely won't happen here. this morning i needed coffee and stopped by...i noticed flies in the donut/danish glass area...i left. the one star is for the pleasant afternoon staff...i used to really love going to this place...my last three visits they gave me the wrong order after waiting for 15 minutes and then i had to wait another 15 minutes to get my order right. needless to say, my hot chocolate or should i say hot milk got cold. i used to love their hot chocolate, but now they add a drop of chocolate sauce for any size and all i have is a cup of milk. i have to go out of my way to get to this place and i am disappointed. the plain bagels with cream cheese are still good, but this will be my last time going there...this is not my neighborhood, but if it was i would be eating here a lot. i don't generally seek out chicken salad but for some reason their \"herbie\" sandwich called out to me. i was intrigued by their homemade chicken salad and it was absolutely delicious! the sandwich also came with provolone and bacon on a raisin pretzel roll. it sounds a little weird but it worked. the treats in their display cases (muffins, donuts, cakes) all looked fabulous. if i am ever back in the area i will definitely be stopping by. the service was fast and friendly. love the decor. beware the uncomfortable semi-broken booth seats.i've been to robust in woodlawn a few times when visiting my sister at university of chicago. while the food can be a bit inconsistent at times, overall i've left really satisfied. coffee is fantastic. vibes are egalitarian and academic. i'd say this is one of the few places in and around u chicago that local residents and students genuinely interact. staff has always been very friendly and accommodating.so a new location opened up on 416 w ontario and employees walked into our office to give us flyers and menus letting us know that they are now open in the area, having caribou coffee right across the street my co-workers and myself decided to meet up for coffee the next morning and try it out. it states on the fliers and the girls passing out flyers that its open mon-fri 6am-9pm. well we get there and it was still closed, and told us it dosent open untill 7ish. already hate this place! do not false advertise saying you open at 6am when you dont and also for being a new cafe in the area, not a great impression!worst coffee shop ever, i wish i could give them negative stars..there was only one person ahead of me and we both had to wait ten minutes for someone to acknowledge us...i then had to wait another ten minutes in line once my order was taken. \u00a0after \u00a0waiting patiently for ten min. i \u00a0asked to speak to the manager for a refund for the long wait and he told me that i was impatient and needed to wait and would not give me a refund. i believe his name was jake or jeff , white guy (slim) brown hair with glasses...he then proceeded to make other drinks for \u00a0for people who ordered after me. then he asked me what did i order . also, there was no where to sit because the place is crowded with teenagers \u00a0who don't buy anything.bottom line is go to starbucks and not patronize this neighborhood business...this place deserves no stars and the employees at starbucks acknowledge their customers!!!!!!what a gem. i've been coming here on and off for about three years; it's a disservice to not have written a review until now. the downside for me is location - i live on the north side. that's probably a good thing, because i'd be there every day if i could.the coffee is really good, though not the best i've ever had. robust stands out for a few reasons; their fantastic chai tea latte, great food, and consistently great service. my favorites among their many food items are the turkey and cranberry sandwich on a croissant and their cookies.even if you don't live in the area, find a way to go check this place out. i used to do some work at the health clinic nearby, which was my original gateway to it. if you're a u of c student, do yourself a favor and make this your study spot.solid place, competes with all of the great coffee shops on the north side without the inconvenience of parking/crowds and without the price tag. you can get a sandwich and a coffee for about $5 here.literally my absolute favorite place to go get work done. i work from home most of the year and love coming here to get out of the house. they have killer service, great coffee, really good sandwiches. they don't make their own pastries, but they're good (nothing to write home about). they also always have a good set of music playing. my hubby is a med student at uchicago and it's convenient but out of the way enough that it's not crowded. free internet is a huge plus too!!i really like this place, but we tried to get seated today about 4pm and it was impossible. the line to order was all the way to the door. we got back in the car and went to greenline.absolutely the best of everything; atmosphere, customer service, food and last but not least, coffee... which just happens to be superbly 'robust'.as an avid patron of this coffee shop since its opening. i was greeted by a horrible experience today. i had a conference call to conduct. i was late for the call and decided to sit down and make the call, i had every intention to purchase something once the call was completed. during the call, i was repeatedly harassed several times by a staff member and once by the owner of the establishment to buy something or leave! now while i might have worn what you may consider \"urban apparel\" and not a tuxedo this is no way to treat a returning/potential customer! i felt embarrassed during the call with a new hire candidate to halt the call to reassure staff i was going to purchase an item. after the call i proceeded to the register to purchase a coffee and juice and wanted to voice my disappointing opinion to the owner. i was told he \"left\" no more than 10 minutes after confronting me. whether he was there hiding or really did leave i left my business card and told the staff member who confronted me initially this is not a way to run a business. she began to dribble generalizations and decided to tell me that i was part of a problem that begun after i walked in and another customer sat in their establishment without purchasing. i was floored! on top of the harassment, i'm now part of a conspiracy with a stranger i've never met to waste your resources? she then said: \"birds of a feather, flock together!\" my brain could not believe what i was hearing. i would say the staff member did thank me for some reason but i felt it was a contrived effort to deescalate the situation before it became worst. in conclusion, as a fellow business-owner i empathize with the daily struggles it takes to run a business and when you encounter a potential customer who may appear to be taking advantage of your gratitude it may feel like a slap in the face. i get it. however, i live one block away, have frequented the business numerous times and was treated like total trash today. i wasn't a bum looking to rudely hassle the other customers for money. i was clearly a busy customer who thought a neighborhood coffee shop such as robust would be a \"friendly\" place to support and work at for an hour. clearly robust has become a product of an environment i thought was long forgotten in the woodlawn community even with the surrounding crime/violence. it has in its time active here in our neighborhood turned into a rude place that i will never recommend to be visited to my friends and family for the foreseeable future. i will be mentioning this to my alderman as well being i live across the street from him. we should not condone this sort of treatment in our community.be warned: \"no trust in robust!\" (unless you buy something.)robust coffee has the best food that i've ever eaten at a coffeeshop. \u00a0most of the time, when you eat at a coffeeshop, you just hope that the food is of tolerable taste and quantity. \u00a0the food here is actually delicious and the portions are generous, especially for a coffeeshop. \u00a0i would recommend either the bbq burger or the peanut butter banana bacon sandwich. \u00a0this is a place where a $7 sandwich is actually worth your $7.the coffee itself didn't blow me away, although their blended drinks are quite tasty.good atmosphere. \u00a0nothing spectacular, but not bad by any means.i'd definitely recommend the place, especially considering what your other options in the area are. \u00a0heck, i'd even recommend it if it were located in the city.robust, management and staff bullied an elderly disabled woman of color just because they could. as a dissatisfied customer who fell into this category they refused a refund/replacement i ordered a barbeque sandwich and decided to get a chicken salad sandwich by phone. \u00a0upon learning they put walnuts in their chicken salad i called and told them i would return the sandwich when i left work. they pointed to a tiny sign on the wall that said the salad had nuts in it. there is no sigh outside their establishment saying they use nuts. there is no sign inside their store saying they have a no refund policy. threatened to call the police because i demanded a refund but i beat them to the punch on their threat. it wasn't a criminal matter but i got good advice about how to handle a civil matter.coffee was amazing. very smooth, not bitter at all. had a sandwich as well, barbeque lou. sandwich was ok. customer service was awful. young ladies working there at counter and in kitchen were very rude. cashier and young lady making coffee continued their personal conversation and i had to wait until they were done to even take my order. young lady who actually brought sandwich to me was rude and short. maybe i will try other location.there is nothing like robust around in this neighborhood, so it fills a need in the community. \u00a0because it is a little out of the way, there are always tables and parking spots available. \u00a0has free wi-fi, but not a lot of outlets. \u00a0the music is a little loud and nearby conversations talk over the music, so depending on your study habits, it might be a hard place to get work done.the coffee is good and the prices are reasonable, especially when compared to other coffee shops. the best deal is the medium coffee and donut fo $2. \u00a0perfect for my tastes and student budget.:( i don't think the cupcakes are from brown sugar bakery anymore. they are sortof bland now.but the coffee is still great.robust is my goto spot when i want a change of scenery from my home office. there's always something good to eat (and good for me) but then there's also those pastries they bring in from brown sugar bakery that always tempt me to indulge. the space is well designed and there's plenty of room to socialize or get stuff done. the staff is fast and friendly. the location is perfect. it's a community hub so there's always a circle of folks chatting about big ideas and having meetings there, so it's not a bad place to network either. i highly recommend robust!this place has become one of my favorite places in chicago.i'm hooked on the breakfast sandwiches.(turkey egg and cheese) the coffee and fresh squeezed juice is the bomb!!they aight. fecking expensive though; they take their geographic monopoly deadly serious. the menu is on the wall, and what's there is it; this place is not terribly veg-friendly. it's a decent place to sit, sip and snack, and there's a take one/leave one library there as well. robust is nothing to crow about, but it will serve if you're in this no-mans land of food options and need something to satisfy.i loved the ambiance! they have books! they have yummy hot fresh fast breakfast sandwiches. i had an egg and cheese on a biscuit and a ginger peach tea. yum. i didn't want to leave. the staff is nice too.robust singlehandedly got me through some of the toughest parts of micro and pharm (i'm looking at you, parasitology). the decor is sparse enough to keep you focused, yet homey with everything you could need from couches and chairs to big wooden tables (and smaller ones) and of course, free wifi. the wifi is not restricted in any way, and is generally pretty speedy - but they do ask that you not be a douche and actually purchase something before you sit down.the food is pretty good with some really filling and delicious sandwiches on the menu (always great to see at a coffee shop!) and though they do seem to put more effort into their sweetened latte drinks, i've generally been happy with their regular coffees and teas. plus they have smoothies.only downside: don't be around when the \u00a0schools get out - or bring headphones. it can get a little loud and rowdy around then.great service great drinks and food i just wish they ordered more inventory and kept their stock up they are always out of my two favorite drinks cake batter and vanilla bean mixrecently got a cold-brewed ice coffee from them. they are usually delicious, but this time my coffee tasted like old fish. it turns out there was a lot of mold at the bottom of my coffee -- yikes! i returned the coffee (the clerk just said \"ew\" -- not even a \"sorry about that\") and got a hot coffee poured over ice.this is my sister and i go to spot for tea/ coffee and catching up. we usually walk over since i live 3 blocks away. great coffee drinks, yesterday i had a regular grilled cheese and tomato sandwich which was good. the service is good although i've heard of others having a bad experience here. i think its a great neighborhood joint that deserves the good reviews it has earned.my husband and i were overjoyed when we discovered robust just a few blocks away from home. \u00a0their coffees are amazing (and i love the giant mugs!), their breakfast sandwiches rock (especially egg, bacon, and cheese on a croissant - it's our special treat!), the staff is super nice and helpful (thank you!). \u00a0we love robust and tell all our friends about it. :-)awesome neighborhood coffee shop. i live down the street so i visit frequently. the staff are friendly, drinks are good, chill atmosphere, and the sandwiches and pastries are pretty tasty.this is still a great place to hang out. and we still really, really need local businesses in this area. but--it appears that standards are slipping. i went with a friend a few days ago. i had the shaken lemonade with mango and it was undrinkable. it was so bitter and acidic that the addition of the mango as well as several packets of sugar could do nothing to sweeten it. i gave up after a few sips. i am not so picky. i don't demand that my lemonade come from inside the lemon no more than three seconds before it is in my glass. but please, spend a little cash and buy a lemon juice that isn't just citric acid with lemon flavoring! it wasn't just me. my friend ordered a coffee drink that he enjoyed until he went to the table by the door and added \"half and half.\" he took another sip and nearly gagged on the chemical flavor of non-dairy creamer!now i know nobody told me there was real lemon juice in my lemonade, but calling non-dairy creamer \"half and half\" is fraudulent.in addition, my friend also noticed that the bottled drinks in the cooler by the register were all room temperature.and word to the wise? if i can smell the tuna on the sandwich the gentleman two tables away is eating, it's not so fresh! could explain why he left most of the sandwich on the plate.we have plenty of businesses in our area that sell substandard products, or lie to customers. please don't join them. please keep your integrity and continue producing enjoyable, fresh and flavorful drinks and food.i would rate this place 5 stars because i patronize this shop often. however, today i had a horrible experience...after waiting 20mins for a small coffee (church crowd had departed), i was cursed out by one of the workers named bradley. long story short he called me a bitch : o omgosh. of course the manger tried to diffuse the dispute and offered me a free drink but wheeeeew what an experience.slightly disappointing. i've come here three times to give it a chance, but $5 med lattes, warm coffee and a hair on my muffin i just couldn't give it high marks. however, great ambiance and you invested in woodlawn. i'm not 100% done, but haven't caught the craze yet.i have been here twice and the food is good and the tea i had was nice; i don't drink coffee. there is not enough seating because they are always crowded. i couldn't plug up my laptop because it has 3 prongs and the provided extension cords had 2. also, they looked pretty old wouldn't have chanced it. this place is good for a sandwich and to meet up with a friend. it looks more for young kids than the business/professional crowd it attracts.robust cafe management and staff bully disabled aged woman of color i purchased based on a recommendation a barbecue sandwich and a chicken salad sandwich on croissant much to my dismay i discovered the chicken salad sandwich had walnuts in it when i complained i was told to take the sandwich and leave the premises they did not offer me a refund which i requested not even store credit as a matter of fact they threatened to call the police so i called myself i was not walked out of the business as the manager/owner wanted but simply told it was a civil matter i left knowing i would not have been treated this way had i fit into the profile they have for cutomers and should not have been treated this wayone of those really happy surprises... when you end up in a neighborhood you've never been in before at 8:30am on a saturday morning with just enough time for coffee, and yelp informs you that there's a non-starbucks coffee shop nearby. \u00a0the only thing i was really bummed about was that i had to grab and go; the space inside was great and i could definitely see myself sitting in there for an hour or a few at a time. \u00a0i had an iced latte which was totally solid, and this ridiculous donut which kept me powered up all through my morning. \u00a0three cheers for independent coffee shops kicking ass! \u00a0especially at 63rd and woodlawn!this has become my regular saturday study spot for my last quarter of graduate school. i love having such a great cafe nearby.(+) i've had the iced chai latte, iced latte, iced americano, and cafe au lait on several occasions and enjoyed them thoroughly each time. can't speak to the actual food as i haven't tried anything yet, but a great selection.(+) community feel- i love that the patrons are so friendly with each other and the staff and often seem to know each other. (+) the previous (+) is probably facilitated by the awesome staff! super sweet and accommodating. i once paid for a pastry and changed my mind to a muffin, and the barista waved away the extra quarter or so in difference. i would have had no problem at all paying it, but it was just a nice gesture.(+) location- the neighborhood really needs more spots like this, and i love that the owners recognized the need and took a risk.(+) free, reliable wi-fi(+) ample parking(+) i've stayed for hours without feeling pressured to leavei'm waiting for the day when i get there early enough to score a cushion-y seat :) i actually am really glad that it has always been relatively crowded each time i'm there, as it gives me hope that the place will make it! my only wish? that it would stay open just a little bit later so i can enjoy it into the evening :)i live on the northside, when i started working in the woodlawn/englewood area i needed a getaway from the office and a place to catch a breath. \u00a0just coming across the building i tried a sandwich and coffee back in the summer, been going ever since. \u00a0price is right, their selection is pretty wide, having \u00a0lots of choices for sandwiches and brunch/lunch options. \u00a0oh and the coffee is on point.i'm a regular at this place. i've always had a positive experience. the staff is very friendly and fun.i'm a pretty boring, \"regular coffee\" drinker, and am never disappointed here. if i'm feeling adventurous, i'll also have the shaken lemonade or the chai tea, which i also recommend. and this place sells the best peanut butter cookies.this isn't the best place to come if you're looking for a quiet setting to study or have a serious conversation. but a fun place to hang-out.this place was amazing. \u00a0the lattes were really smooth. \u00a0especially the chai tea. \u00a0waffle was wonderful and the lox was great!the atmosphere and decode were crazy awesome. \u00a0they have a leave a book / take a book shelf. \u00a0staff was very helpful and friendly. \u00a0and prices were very good. \u00a0while there may be room for some improvement, it's very minimal.wonderful atmosphere to relax with a cup of delious coffee and breakfast or lunch. tasty choices. \u00a0friendly people and great owners. will be opening next door a full service restaurant. plenty of places to park. near university of chicago.love this quaint little coffee shop. often meet with business associates there for the warn atmosphere, great eats & fantastic coffee. it is easy to find, very accessible, ample parking, excellent decor & lighting coupled with good pricing. you can't lose!a total need for the neighborhood. i work in woodlawn about 3 minutes south of robust and am so happy a healthy, clean establishment with quick service has opened up. mcdonalds you will no longer be getting my lunch business. my arteries thank you, robust.i live two blocks away and haven't had a bad experience (except when someone was filming a music video and the video girls were blocking the line and my sunday morning coffee) besides that, this place is on point for being the lone coffee shop in woodlawn. i can only speak to the coffee and donuts. i've enjoyed my drinks with the exception of some sort of iced chai drink that was a little more ice than chai.it's nice to walk into a business and know who the owners are. these days there always seems to be a steady stream of customers and i think they are trying to host a couple of open mic nights. glad to have robust in the neighborhood.i have never wanted to go to a coffee shop for food...until robust. they have special cupcakes and cookies which are amazing, but their prepared food is what i really love. their sandwiches are all fresh and innovative-i can't decide which is my favorite actually....and i struggle with deciding between breakfast and lunch! try the 1165 though, or go for a veggie bagel if you don't like meat-there is something for everyone! the iced coffees and blended drinks (try grasshopper or oreo) cannot be missed either, so don't.atmosphere here is comforting and trendy, all at once. i may need to get an apartment in the building....i love it that much!i never leave reviews but i visited robust today for the first time went and was pleasantly surprised in every way. they served altera coffee from milwaukee and the interior was cozy and nicely decorated.i also strongly wanted to leave a positive review because one if the employees was so sweet that he noticed a i fallen earlier and asked about it. he then went and found me a first aid kit, all out of his own good will!delicious type of coffee i can't find many other places in the city, veggie sandwich offerings, comfortable vibe, and a really friendly staff. i will definitely visit again next time i am in hyde park.original review was 2 starswhen we first started to come here, this place was pretty cool. it is a quick walk from our apartment and nice to go to. the coffee and coffee based drinks are pretty good. however, the problem comes with the food. first off, it is kind of expensive for what you get. secondly, they take a horribly long time to do fairly simple tasks. thirdly, they tend to lose the food tickets a lot. when that happens, they aren't very apologetic and kind of look at you like you're trying to scam them (although they gave you a number for your food and it is still sitting on your table). most of the staff has changed since we first started coming here and i feel like the service went down when that happened. i would like to still come here since it is close to home and i'd hate for the business to leave since it is one of the few places like this. however, just because it doesn't have any competition doesn't mean that their customer service should suck.10/3/15in the past year or so, robust has really changed and become a lot better. \u00a0it still takes awhile to get food sometimes, but the staff actually being pleasant makes the whole place seem a lot better.great new place in the neighborhood. \u00a0i stop here most mornings on my way to work. the staff is always very friendly and will take call in orders! \u00a0now that's what i call service. \u00a0the environment is friendly and inviting. \u00a0i like the healthy food choices. \u00a0this can be hard to find when you are in a hurry. one thing not to miss are the fresh baked cookies!!!i love this place! amazing coffee, free wifi, nice staff, big windows, easy parking, spacious vibe - highly recommended!i love this place!!good coffee, friendly staff.cool interior.thank you for bringing this cafe in this neighborhood.great atmosphere with good decor. their coffee is a cross between intelligensia & starbucks...diverse crowd - surprisingly for the area - nothing like coffee to bring out the neigborhood. i've been there about 7 times now and the customer service hasn't deviated, which is great for a new place. free wifi too - can't beat that. i pray they're involved in what opens next door to even further the coffee shop experience...wish they'd spruce up the bakery offerings and offer a barely audible slight tilt towards smooth jazz/light reggae riddims to even soften the atmosphere more. other than that - forget its in woodlawn - its a great coffee shop! (yeah - i said it)updated...3/5/2012. i continue to frequent the shop at least once or twice a month even though the owner and his same three buddies never seem to remember me; as such i will continue to re-introduce myself when im not in a hurry....lol. jest aside. puhlease, do something about the kids!!!! i'm way too old to relive high school cursing and foolery at 5pm in a coffee shop (hire a security guard from 5 - 7, heck get a senior citizen or concerned neighborhood affiliate to mandate three kids at a time. i understand/recognize/realize that its hard, but please do something about it..)i really want to like this place but my most recent visit - today - no internet connection was available to me. \u00a0even though there were about nine other people apparently connected, it wouldn't work for me. \u00a0(i'm currently typing this at starbuck's on 71st and stony island - instant connection. \u00a0had turkey sandwich - it was decent - but since i couldn't connect finished and came here. hopefully, next time will be different.absolutely adorable spot. very much needed in the area. lovely owners, cool vibe, and yummy (seem healthy) sandwiches. mmmm good. the only thing i wish for is a larger hot tea selection. otherwise, i have no complaints.it's my go-to lunch spot when i forget my lunch at home, or even just for a quick break from my office.highly recommend! xfantastic coffee and fantastic atmosphere. they have great mochas (i especially loved the mint one), and belinda makes fantastic coffee art!yesterday i had the worst experience at robust. \u00a0the owner, which he pointed out to me every chance that he got that i was in \"his business, his doors, his chairs and his tables,\" was so rude to me.let's start with a little back story. \u00a0i have been going to robust since last year. \u00a0i even had a small study group meeting there today so to say the least, i thought very highly of this place until today. \u00a0i walked in and sat next to a friend and the owner kept looking at me. \u00a0he then came up to me and said in an extremely rude and snarky tone that i need to buy something or else i can't sit down. \u00a0i explained to him that i was just getting settled and that i would buy something in a minute. \u00a0i also tried to explain that i was just there last week and there wasn't a problem in hope of gaining a little favor with to establish i'm just not some person off the street and that i was a loyal customer. \u00a0he then pretended to be washing tables and came back and said if you don't want anything now that he could take the order and he could just have it waiting and at that point i told him that i was going to leave. \u00a0he then said, 'that's why i wanted you to pay now because what if you had gotten a call and had to go before you bought something\". \u00a0i then tried to talk to him to explain that i was offended and felt that he was being offensive and disrespectful to me. \u00a0i then asked if you are going to make this stink about a customer, would you not like me to come here anymore. \u00a0he said that i wasn't a customer because i hadn't purchased anything yet. \u00a0but...i said...i was just here last week and have been coming so i felt like i was a customer. he said that i thought too highly of myself and i said it's not that, i just never had this experience before, not here nor at any other coffee shop. \u00a0he said that since it is his coffee shop that he makes the rules. \u00a0all i wanted was a little understanding...i wasn't trying to stiff the guy. \u00a0i was going to buy something...like i always do and always have...hell last week i purchase an over-prices $10 turkey meat sandwich. \u00a0i mean come on...doesn't that get me a few minutes at a table before i'm accosted and a little understanding and respect.honestly the experience really hurt my feelings and i couldn't believe that the owner would be that rude to me. \u00a0i guess the owner couldn't understand :(if you are a loser who got roped into the cia while studying at u of c, this is the place for you. good coffee and nice owner. worth a chill, cool crowd. but they are all scumbag spies. no lie can live forever.best coffee shop on the southside. no context. this is one of my favorite places in chicagothe place can get a bit too loud but ample natural light makes up for it. just be sure to bring headphones that can effectively block out the blaring jazz music and/or the occasional social workers' gossips. \u00a0space is a bit cramped and they don't accept credit cards for charges less than 3 bucks so bring $$$.i work near here so i frequent this place. the staff is very friendly and helpful. they serve alterra coffee which is delicious (and organic/ fair trade). their lattes and other coffee drinks, teas, and smoothies are wonderful too. in terms of food, can't go wrong with the bagel and lox. cookies are delicious as well. best of all, they have free wifi and plenty of space. great decor too. thanks for being so awesome, robust!i didn't really like my experience here. that being said, i won't give robust a low rating because i recognize there wasn't much the staff could have done to make it better. i was here in the afternoon, about 3pm, and the caf\u00e9 was absolutely overrun with loud, rowdy schoolchildren. the staff tried to quiet them down, but to no avail. i held out hope that maybe there was a special back room into which the children would be ushered and locked into, but no dice. the kids stopped coming in at around 5, although the noise level remained somewhat loud, as many people seem to use this caf\u00e9 as a meeting/tutoring space. if not for the kids, this would be a cool place. i had the honey nut latte, which is made with almond milk, and is really tasty. i like that there's a variety of seating and a selection of books/magazines. the service was kind of surly, but i probably wouldn't be too friendly either if i had to deal with those kids for 2 hours. they have a huge sandwich list, but the prices were high. i would not make a special trip to robust, but if you're in the area, it makes a nice hang-out spot. just make sure to avoid between 3-5pm on weekdays.i love coming to this coffee shop to get work done. the only issue can be finding a seat at times. the coffee is great, the service is friendly, and i love when coffee shops have real food too!i've been back several times since my first review and i have thus far \u00a0been pleased. i stopped by friday and had the turkey sandwich with i believe cranberry mayo. it was quite delicious. the coffee is pretty good as well. i have had breakfast sandwiches on previous visits and they were good also. i have to be more diligent about writing my reviews in a timely fashion because i don't want to forget anything.i'm super excited to see new business on this block. we've been needing something for quite some time, and lucky me - it's a charming little coffee shop that serves blended drinks, hot drinks, teas, smoothies, various flavors of lemonade, breakfast sandwiches, and an assortment of sandwiches for lunch (try the corn beef on rye....yum). \u00a0it also looks like it will be a nice, well lit place to read and to get some work done. \u00a0as with any new business, there's at least one kink to work out. for me, it was the waiting time for blended drinks since they currently only have 1 blender. \u00a0but i give robust coffee lounge 5 stars for effort, hospitality, and the great drink i got. with continued business, they'll have more employees, blenders, and the like that will make service speedier. go!!! \u00a0give this shop your business - we want to keep it here in woodlawn, as well as attract more businesses to the area.a nice, calm vibe accompanies your coffee at robust, a name that embodies dreams for the neighborhood. \u00a0come here to sit and relax into mellow rhythms and gallons of natural light pouring through two walls of windows. \u00a0the staff are kind. \u00a0they warmed up my cinnamon roll and it was delicious. \u00a0just one thing, folks: have some respect for your food. \u00a0don't serve paper plates and plastic forks. \u00a0see you at robust.smack dab in the middle of nothing on 63rd st lies a building with a coffee shop on the ground floor. found myself in front of the place on one of the coldest days this year so far i was freezing and needed something hot. \u00a0now i can make a damn good cup of coffee in my own kitchen so at coffee shops i never order just a regular coffee. my fav starbucks drink is white chocolate mocha which they serve at robust so i went with that. their prices are on par with starbucks and the drink was mixed well(sometimes starbucks \u00a0just pumps the white chocolate and it doesn't \u00a0mix so the drink is kinda nasty in spots) and before she put the lid on i noticed she did the cute foam thing extra points cause the small things do make me happy. the barista was really nice, if it was closer i would be a regular.i have been a regular customer since robust opened in 2009. i still really value the place and what it's trying to offer. however, in the past few years, the quality has dropped so low that it's hard for me to justify coming here, even for impossible-to-screw-up items like a bag of coffee. i don't know if the owners forgot about the south side location since opening up in river north, but the food and coffee quality is waning (as i write this, i feel slightly sick from the rancid and sickeningly sweet tuna sandwich i just ate), and the customer service has become appalling (not my experience today, but has been a fixture of my last several visits). step it up, guys! this place was so great and so welcomed. just being here isn't enough... stay good, too!very nice atmosphere! wonderful combos and deals. i've only had the donuts, coffee, delicious cookies, and iced mochas. i'm trying to work up the courage to try the mocha diablo.a really warm welcome to the neighborhood. i've been twice in three days and intend on keeping the streak alive.great staff, cool space, and most importantly - great coffee.great to have this in the area. \u00a0has a lot of potential- in order to help it get to where it will and needs to be, ive got some constructive crits:services take a tad too long because they dont have an organized service layout, spill area gets kinda gross, and the food doesnt have a whole lot of character (bagel and lox, and breakfast dishes with eggs needs work). \u00a0other than that, welcome to the hood- \u00a0cant be soft on you because youre here!!! \u00a0 -excellent coffee and food, good atmosphere and very reasonable prices- and the only business on the block. thank you for existing!i am so glad that this business is open in woodlawn, they definitely need more businesses. it is a sign that 63rd street is truly on the rise. there is plenty of parking (for now) and the staff is warm and friendly. i only take off stars because they were out of soy milk and didn't tell the person picking up my drink, and instead of drinking a nice soy latte, i had a whole milk latte. and i don't drink milk, it tastes rancid to me. but the upside is that all the other things that were brought back were wonderful. i would go back, and i would just have to ensure that the drink was really soy.just what this neighborhood needed! as my family were house hunting and waiting for our agent, we literally stumbled upon this coffee shop and was looking to just get a few bottles of water. i figured it would be a cute little coffee shop and nothing more. was i surprised!!! with all of these delicious sandwhiches on the board, we had to order a few for dinner and we didn't have one sandwhich that wasn't good. the staff were great.. the ambiance was fantastic and i do believe that they have free internet. it's great to see coffee shops like these instead of the standard \"commercial\" coffee shops. if we do decide to purchase a place in the area, i'm sure that i'll walk here daily.initially i loved the waffles although they are a little pricey. i had one a couple of weeks ago and it was nowhere as good as when they first opened. maybe i just had a bad batch.finally, a great coffee shop in the hyde park area. robust coffee lounge has delicious sandwiches at very reasonable prices and plenty of space to study. the light-filled, exposed-brick seating area makes the experience all the more enjoyable. robust has a bigger selection than istria and is open later than third world cafe. i'm so glad they moved to the neighborhood!great chai tea latte! there is plenty of seating and the music isn't too loud... the staff is friendly. food looks and smells great, but i haven't had any yet. wish i lived closer so i could come here more often! they also have a great breakfast deal- coffee and a bagel for $3.was there today for a breastfeed chicago meet-up; yup, almost 20 women with their babies and boobies, and we were made to feel perfectly welcome! i had a minty mocha, and it was fabulous. this place has everything i look for in a coffee shop - comfy seats, fair-trade coffee, good music, friendly baristas. oh, the only bummer was that they were out of their belgium waffles when i tried to order one- i'll just have to come back! thanks, robust coffee lounge, for kindly hosting the breastfeed chicago meet-up.i'm surprised this place gets so many starts from raters. i'm guessing it's because robust is the only coffee shop available in the area. i was (and remain) excited about this place opening. however, do not be at this place around 3:45-5:00pm when the local high school gets out, because the place becomes an absolute chaotic, loud, and obnoxious environment! the coffee here is good, but the food leaves much to be desired (i suggest making lunch plans elsewhere). service is very slow as well, and not as friendly as when it first opened. the great thing about this place is there is free internet and ample parking available. the coffee shop and restrooms are kept very clean, and it's a very comfortable and hip feeling environment.open atmosphere. decent food selection along of course with coffee and smoothies. \u00a0 friendly staff and clientele.great! a wonderful addition to this much needed neighborhood. very nice interior design, and nice layout. good food nice people working here and a great place. do visit this place for breakfast, lunch and early dinner. reasonable priced and good healthy selection of food. good job derek!robust is amazing. they are in the perfect location on my way to work, sell alterra coffee from milwaukee, and are super clean and friendly! so happy i stumbled upon them. they have completely replaced starbucks for me!!!some of the best coffee in the area. i love the atmosphere, there are many tables and outlets, so it is a good place to work or study. they also have terrific smoothies.started out here with some very decent coffee and an excellent bowl of oatmeal (with craisins, raspberries, and a little granola on top) -- now there's a way to make a couple bucks stick with you for the rest of the day. i'm not sure exactly where they're going with the decor, but the cafe is roomy and comfortable. i think they'd been open for 4 days before i showed up, and they already seemed to have their act pretty much together. a good addition to an interesting neighborhood, i'm interested to see what happens with this place.i give this place a definite a-ok! one star for the set up and location. \u00a0it's great to see a new business in the neighborhood and the set up is great for reading, working, or chatting with friends (except for what seems to be high school happy hour in the late afternoons). \u00a0a second star for the great coffee and selection of coffee drinks. \u00a0they get a third star for the sandwiches, \u00a0waffles and other items they make! \u00a0they drop a star from me for the stuff they clearly have brought in like the spinach croissants. \u00a0one little toothpaste stripe of spinach and cheese down the center of a mediocre croissant does not compete with the home-made, overflowing, fresh-baked offerings you get just blocks away at the medici. \u00a0 that said, the medici can't compete with the space and relaxed atmosphere, morning till mid-day and on weekends. wow me with live acoustic music and you get 5 stars!definitely stop in.i have never yet written a review, but i felt it was obligatory-- mainly because of their dark chocolate iced mocha.this is only my second time here, and this is so far the only thing i've had off the menu, but oh, my goodness...it is like heaven in your mouth. the dark chocolate and the coffee blend together in this smooth, perfect goodness that is basically magical and you don't want to add anything to it. you can't just have one first sip. even when it melted a bit and got watery, it was still good. average price/a bit expensive, but for sure worth it. plus, the music (adele today, and similar genre last i was here) and atmosphere is great. i was there today, parked myself and my homework in front of one of robust's big windows and enjoyed some good productivity. the owner (i met one today) is friendly and approachable. i left in a great mood! will be back again!great place for food and coffee. \u00a0just be aware of the time of day you go. \u00a0several schools are in walking distance and the kids like to hangout there.i just love this place! great coffee, and the best waffle i have had in a long time! very much needed in the woodlawn area! s/n the coffee is .better that starbucks!great coffee, most accommodating and friendly service, clever food items. i suspect lox, bagels and cream cheese will be novelties for a while in this neighborhood. the chicken salad is a winner.easy street parking as well. the place has the potential to be a late-night student favorite.i went here for lunch today and had the bbq betty beef brisket sandwich. this was delicious! \u00a0the location is a little odd, but i felt perfectly safe walking down woodlawn after crossing the midway.our family enjoyed a light snack here on a weekday evening, when business seemed slow. they feature a quiche of the day, made-to-order belgian waffles and a modest selection of sandwiches, along with a wide selection of espresso drinks, coffee and smoothies. my kids loved their smoothies and i liked the broccoli and cheddar quiche, but i selected that dish because they were out of fixings for three of their sandwich choices. the dining area is comfortable and clean. they seem on the right track and just need to find the right blend of coffee and food to establish themselves further.nice coffee, nice interior, nice staff. an asset to the neighborhood.to the young white guy working the early evening shift nov 8, \u00a0it would be wise of you to gain a little patience when dealing with middle schoolers. i agree with you...bringing outside food into your establishment is rude....but my daughter did purchase food inside of your restaurant! to call her ignorant is not necessary. \u00a0i think you are truly the ignorant one! ive spent plenty of money in your establishment, but thats sure to stop. next time consider the repercussions of your actions...before you speak. im sure you arent working there to run away customers, and thats exactly what youve accomplished with me!one of the few remaining independent coffee shops still left standing in chicago. \u00a0i think the main criteria to judge any coffee shop is by their coffee and this place has some of my favorite expresso in the city. \u00a0their food is on par with any starbucks or other cafe i have been to. \u00a0the atmosphere is safe, comfortable and completely out of place for woodlawn. \u00a0i live down the street and i kind of find it very surprising that anyone near this neighborhood would leave a negative review. \u00a0this place is way better than a dunkin donuts, and this neighborhood will never attract one of those to replace it anyway.i'm not such a fan. \u00a0i went this morning and got the oatmeal-- terrible. \u00a0$2.75 for instant oatmeal with nothing in it? \u00a0i could have bought a pack of quaker for 25 cents and it would have tasted better. \u00a0i'm not sure where the poster below got craisins and granola (which do sound good) because i was offered chopped nuts or strawberries, neither of which sounded appealing. \u00a0and each topping is an additional 75 cents. \u00a0starbucks includes three toppings in the basic $2.75 price-- so to get the same here, i would have had to pay $5 for oatmeal. \u00a0no way. \u00a0and they don't even have brown sugar at their coffee-fixing bar to sweeten the oatmeal-- just white refined sugar packets. \u00a0i didn't make it through three spoonfuls.they do have a doughnut and coffee combo for an affordable $2, but i guess someone who wants to eat something healthy has to pay a premium here. \u00a0i will not be back.this place is lousy! my wife and i stop there many mornings (at least we used to), i got a hot chocolate this morning that tasted terrible. when i went back in the girl at the counter told me that they could not refund my money and they were going to use the same milk and the same chocolate to remake it. she went on to say they already had my money so she didn't care if i was happy or not. what i really wonder is how many of our children are getting ripped off everyday by this place!i recently spent a day here writing. i enjoyed fantastic drinks, positive community energy and great coffee shop service . robust coffee says hello to the south side of chicago! \u00a0i having moved away to the east coast some years ago (because life here had become \"challenging\"). observed many national media reports about my community, \u00a0i thought chicago's south side had turned into an urban \"forbidden zone\" from any number of post apocalyptic thriller / horror movies. good to know there are still some intrepid knowledge workers and creative types south of roosevelt road in the city of chicago. \u00a0robust coffee lounge functions as an oasis for those carbon based organisms. note: \u00a0oh, the area it's still a forbidden zone, don't believe me ? stay and walk around late after sundown. (think will smith in \"i am legend\") but robust coffee lounge is still the bomb. \u00a0check it out, while the sun is shining.today was the first day this place opened, and my husband and i had lunch there. it's actually a coffee lounge, but there menu is unbelievable! they serve breakfast and sandwiches and unbelievable pastries. these 2 young guys own it, and make everything from scratch! i had the house specialty called the herbie sandwich, which is chicken salad, provolone, and bacon on a raisin pumpernickel bun, it was so good, my hubby had the tuna sandwich and a couple of cookies that he loved! the atmosphere is so relaxing and the decor is so unique! and they have free wifi!finally! a place that's close to work and not a dunkin donuts. they open at 6am mon-fri and have an amazing selection of pastries (sweet and savory), coffee, tea, and other drinks. the staff is laid-back yet courteous and helpful.this place is awesome. if you go to u chicago and haven't been here, now is the time to reconsider your coffee shop decisions. they have this ah-mazing peanut butter and banana sandwich (it comes with bacon too but i get if without). the peanut butter comes out all melty . . . yum. great \u00a0coffee too, and super nice staff. the owner is a u chicago alum i think.robust is right next to my old school woodlawn and my friends and i would go mornings and after school. i love this place, the staff is lovely they become friends with you and the food is great. you can study there for as long as you want and hang around. this is my home away from home and i give it my full love.", "60626": "very friendly comfortable place to relax. coffee, espresso, light food and great soups. don't forget the homers ice cream. jarvis steps away from the cta redline. free wi-fi and printing available. take a friend and relaxi ordered breakfast from here through grubhub this morning for the first time. so, while i can't speak on the restaurant itself i can say my breakfast was delicious. i got the lox breakfast sandwich. which consists of an everything bagel with lox, cream cheese, tomatoes, and red onion. the toppings were fresh and plentiful, the bagel still reasonably warm and fresh, everything tasted flavorful and satisfying. i am reserving the final star till i can check out the actual restaurantthe first 60 degree sunny day in a chicago spring pretty much requires that you find somewhere to eat outside. \u00a0having a dog with you also requires this. \u00a0luckily, charmers has plenty of outdoor tables and they even have a bowl of water for the dogs! \u00a0aside from the dog, i'm glad we were able to eat outside - the inside would have been tricky to navigate with the stroller. we had lunch here on a sunday. \u00a0it wasn't very crowded. \u00a0the menu has been significantly reduced since the last time we were here; from reading other reviews, they seemed to have transitioned away from being a restaurant to being more of a coffee shop. \u00a0which is fine - the small menu was still sufficient for our needs. \u00a0i had the rogers pork sandwich and it was delicious. \u00a0whoever had the idea to put bbq sauce on a ham sandwich deserves a medal. \u00a0seriously. other important details: free wi-fi. baked goods looked yummy. \u00a0homer's ice cream. \u00a0extensive coffee menu.we're not in the area often, but when we are, i'm sure we'll be back.upon first glance, i thought that the sign hanging above the door was of a picturesque, wonderful sagittarius such as myself but then i realized that the sign to chamers caf\u00e9 was simply of a beautiful woman with killer curves...i figured that still describes me, hence my decision to have a work-date at this caf\u00e9. \u00a0we, sagittarii (is that the plural form of sagittarius??) are so easily charmed after all...continuing with the theme of constellations and horoscopes - a sagittarius is supposedly a huge explorer and loves trying new things (which i do!), so why was it that i hadn't come across this fantastic little caf\u00e9 in all of my travels through this rogers park neighborhood? \u00a0i am ashamed of my failure to commit to my sagittarius ways, especially as i am in this neighborhood at least 3 times a week. \u00a0i can see how i perhaps did not find it right away - it is nestled deeper within the neighborhood than are several other cafes in the area. \u00a0this is, indeed, one of my favorite things about charmers caf\u00e9 - it's hidden, waiting for its most fervent and passionate suitors to find it and claim it for their own.my second favorite thing about this caf\u00e9? \u00a0the fact that they have actual swings in the coffee shop! \u00a0i was a complete idiot when coming here - i neglected to sit on the swings and fulfill every ounce of joy that my inner child was screaming for. \u00a0instead i sat in a straight-backed chair like the adult i should be, while enviously glancing at the swings - i'm coming in again soon just to sip coffee while sitting on a swing here at charmers caf\u00e9. \u00a0the swings are definitely the focal point in the shop, but everything is laid of spaciously; this is one shop that i could sit in for a long time...when i think of an ideal coffee shop - this is it.no coffee shop would be complete without its drinks and tidings of food. \u00a0on this particular day, i was trying to cheat without cheating too badly (if that's possible) so i decided to only get a cookie from their shelf of treats. \u00a0however, this oatmeal raisin cookie was pretty big...and moist...and delicious. \u00a0did i feel guilty for cheating on my diet with this voluptuous cookie? \u00a0you'd think yea, but no i didn't. \u00a0neither did i feel guilty for drinking a huge cup of an almond latte. \u00a0i've been on quite the almond-flavored-anything craving, so this latte hit the spot! \u00a0the price of everything was fair, the food and drink was excellent, the atmosphere was wonderful and the service was great! \u00a0i'm not sure if it was the owner or manager of the cafe but she welcomed me as if she had known me forever...it was a very pleasant environment, and i wouldn't mind going back time after time!this is a cute and charming local cafe that my husband and i like to visit in the mornings. their staff is wonderful and friendly and their smoothies are very fresh. my favorite is the berry smoothie and their summer lemon shake. the also make an excellent turkey club! my only critisicm is their menu is pretty small. they only offer three different sandwiches and a few shake flavors. their pastry spread is pretty generic consisting of crossants, bagels, cookies, and brownies. definitely worth a visit if you need an early morning pick me up near the jarvis stop!love the area and the fact that i can walk here. years ago it was a coffee shop and then switched over to a restaurant. \u00a0i never visited when it was the restaurant but i love the way they reconfigured the inside back to the coffee shop. love the look of the place. \u00a0was excited to see they had donuts, was not excited to hear they were from bennisons. i had an iced coffee and it was a decent cup of coffee. i ended up getting a glazed donut cause i needed a donut for the instagram picture i wanted to take. and i was actually surprised that it was fresh and delicious. \u00a0i was intrigued by the menu items and i will be back. i've been stuck in a longtime starbucks rut so i'mglad i've been exploring other coffee options in the area like this place and sol cafe.really enjoyed the chocolate scone and drink beverages here as well as the cute interior and friendly service!ordered the matcha latte 12oz with soy milk, cappuccino 12oz with almond milk, and a chocolate scone!the matcha latte was perfectly sweetened and there was no overpowering bitterness from an excessive use of the matcha powder either. there was no a pool of matcha powder at the end of my drink either which was nice. the cappuccino was different than the ones i've had, as the foam on top was not a thick layer but inside a light bubbly cloud almost like a dollop. the drink overall was very delicious and the almond milk made it was nutty. the chocolate scone was not overly sweet and there was a plentiful amount of chocolate chips used inside and the chocolate glaze on top was phenomenal! i really enjoyed my time here and the swing seats are great! the wifi they have set up for customers makes me want to spend a lifetime in there and i would have no complaints! if they started serving more savory food items there, that would be fantastic!great staff, delicious food and really laid back atmosphere.charmers definitely is a charming place, with comfortable, well-spaced-out seating indoors, and a few tables on the sidewalk. although the el runs nearby, it's surprisingly peaceful and relaxing to sit outdoors. as with all rogers park establishments, parking is not bad during the day, but next to impossible evenings and weekends. i usually visit mid-day; at that time, the crowds are small, and parking is pretty easy.the coffee is good. the treats are good. the wi-fi connection is strong. the staff is friendly and efficient. the other customers are either working on their electronic devices or conducting quiet conversations. many of the rogers parkers i know count charmers as a favorite destination for conversation, work, snacks, or whatever other socially acceptable thing people do in neighborhood coffeehouses.you do see a few marginal people passing by when you sit outdoors, but that is also typical of rogers park. sorry, citizens of rogers park, but there are some strange people in your neighborhood, who are out wandering aimlessly, pissing, begging, and conducting conversations with the invisible people who live in their heads. it's a little unnerving. that's why i typically sit indoors at charmers, even on nice summer days.i saw recently that charmers was selling hot dogs. please, charmers, include veggie dogs with your selection, and consider getting some vegan treats. then you'd be as busy daytimes as you are on weekends.charmers also has the advantage of location. it's only a few blocks from the lakefront. that's a nice walk after you've eaten a scone the size of your head.i recommend charmers. go there - now.charmers now does have a choice of 3 panini sandwiches and a breakfast sandwich. grilled cheese was simple but well done. good quality bread.schedule your next coffee date here. this cafe is a precious hole in the wall! if you are ever in rogers park and need a quiet cafe getaway, please come to charmer's cafe. you will surely leave in a good mood! the environmentthe employees are very kind and obviously do a great job of setting a positive tone and building rapport with their customers. it was my first time in the cafe, but i noticed that many of the patrons were regulars and had conversations with the staff. there are tables, window stool seats, and swings for you to choose from to sit and enjoy yout coffee! the drinks: i had a mocha and it was well priced and tasty. i was very satisfied and i can see myself coming back!great place if you don't want a nice cold brew.not cheap either , reg coffee is $2.75 . banana peanut butter smoothie was excellent. how can you call yourself a cafe and not have cold brew in 2018?this morning, we moseyed over to charmer's cafe to do some job applications and poetry revision. gotta say, the decor is ideal for artistic pursuits. love the textured tin ceiling and the hanging globe lights. the layout is unique and suits the character of the cafe. nestled in the corner of the u-shaped bench, i could stay here for a good long while. the eavesdropping is satisfying (we heard tell of a first edition kurt vonnegut) and the music isn't overpowering.food and drink: my mocha and my companion's iced chai hit the spot. we also impulse bought two scones (bacon cheddar and chocolate) which are big for scones and delicious. service: cheerful and quirky. the man who made our drinks started them up before we finished paying, and they were out just as quickly.charmer's cafe is for ... the neighborhood. it is the perfect shop to have at that location, where \u00a0it serves as a gathering place for the community, meet up with some friends on the patio and catch up, or a sunday morning reading/crossword puzzle session. it's also especially for families in the summer to stop by for an ice cream cone or a shake. the new decor is very sophisticated yet laid back, and those gorgeous swinging bar seats can totally be the talk of the town. staff is very friendly, and seem to really know the neighborhood. for me, i mostly come for the convenient cup of coffee right before my occasional train ride to work. i have never come during the typical rush hour, and so far i have almost never gotten a latte since they aren't quite fast enough for me to not miss my train. the couple of times i had espresso drinks, they were far from perfect. the pastries... are very local, but every time i've given in out of hunger, i have found them to be too dry/staled. students, if you want a quiet place to study with intense focus, the lighting inside is probably too dim, and people do chat a lot here.i like the fact that charmer's is here, and it has such an important role on this block. but even after a few months of opening, i don't know if i would recommend it with fervor to people who don't live around here/aren't already passing by. definitely not if great coffee is your no. 1 priority in choosing a coffee shop.charmers is back, new and improved. delicious coffee and espresso drinks, pastries, croissants, muffins, bagels with and without cream cheese, light sandwiches. no more steamed bagel sandwiches. delightful environment both indoors and out. lovely staff of happy, friendly people. sunday morning at charmers followed by a walk to the lakefront and a view of the well landscaped frank lloyd wright houses on sheridan accompanied by charmers coffee begin the day perfectly.peter o. and s.so, after deleting my yelp reviews after some storage issues, i decided to write another reviw for this place.great atmosphere, i love the pastries and beverages. as my neice likes to say, yaaaas queen!two cons. the selection gets worse as the day goes by. also, they need to be more sanitary. i love you, charmers. wash your hands.fairly quiet coffee shop at the corner of jarvis and greenview. didn't get coffee today. but, if you're a fan of metropolis coffee, this is your place. also a good place if you're looking for a quiet place to read or study. food wise, an average offering of sandwiches and smoothies. i was disappointed that they forgot my order for a vegan smoothie. but, because they didn't bill me for it, i let it go.this is by far the most amazing coffee shop on the planet. the bagel sandwiches are ridiculously amazing. the coffee is great, and their latte is spectacular. catch them at the right time at the end of a coffee batch, and they give everybody in the room free coffee. amazing service, super friendly, super respectful. the music selection is super varied and everybody gets a taste of something great. super cozy! their huge windows let you see a super snowy beautiful day in the comfort of a winter heated and cozy woody ambience. i feel at home, losing myself in my work for hours.this place is so over priced. i purchased a small hot chocolate for over $3 and when i got home this is what i found. the milk was way too over foamed so when it settled it was only half way filled. coffee is also mediocre for the price. you can get better at starbucks for less money. really should rethink there business model and training for staff.cute place, friendly staff, good food, wifi, and outdoor seating. i love that you can satisfy most cravings here - they have delicious coffee, bagels, donuts, and ice cream. yum!this place is so good! i've been here twice and both times had a great experience. staff is super friendly and the coffee/ drinks are so good! their baked goods are tasty. i tried the virgin mudslide shake (has espresso) and it literally gave me life. i'll definitely be coming back for more!charmers is lovely and very cozy! as soon as you enter you are greeted with a smile and you can feel it's genuine. their coffee is amazing, although they don't carry medium roast, they accommodate a mixture of both dark and light roast coffee. their pastries are fresh and also they sometimes sell a day old pastries for the low and they still taste delicious! charmers also have a \"print with me\" as low as 19cents per print. :) all in all, charmers has a lot more to offer rather than what i just typed. check it out yo' self!my daughter and i stopped by for a quick bite. she had a soup and a sandwich and i only had a coffee.i definitely loved the ambiance (hippy/hobo?) and i would stop by if i were in the area.i noticed there was a communal printer (with pay) and thought it was a very nice and smart idea given lots of people spend time in cafes.nice addition to this neighborhood. \u00a0could use more seating on an inside weather sunday but otherwise lovely!great place to have coffee date or knitting group with friends. excellent location, free wifi, outdoor seating and a few blocks from the lake. it's easy to get to (jarvis red line stop). great baked items and paninis. in the winter they have a wonderful \"s'mores hot chocolate.\" \u00a0they also have a loyalty program and periodically host events. great neighborhood spot.this is a wonderful little cafe in \"no-man's land\" (my nickname for rogers park) that has potential. there is no competition nearby (the only starbucks is located inside jewel and is filled with very sad, down-and-out people) and street parking is easy and free in the neighborhood, so it's disappointing\u200b that charmers closes at 3 pm. every time we'd like to go there it seems\u200b to be near closing time. the seating is creative and comfortable and the coffee drinks are delicious\u200b. the desserts are \u200b minimal and\u200b the cafe often runs out, presumably because the owner doesn't want to stock up since it closes early. the staff is friendly and relaxed unlike the frenetic pace at a starbucks. the cafe also gives amateur\u200b singers a chance to perform, which is a kind thing to do for them. perhaps being in rogers park holds back the owners from turning this into a highly popular cafe.welcome baaaaaaack!!!!now we don't have the sammies back yet...but hot diggity dang metropolis is back in the neighborhood!!!!love the new set up! \u00a0its like the original charmers went to college and came back with a degree in philosophy!!!love it!!!!this place is great! everyone there was super outgoing and friendly, everythings reasonably priced, i loved the baked good i got with my coffee, they have a wonderful pastry selection, not like that frozen crap from starbucks. i would also like to point out that they have lots of seating including three swinging chairs that was probably my favorite thing about the place i could sit on that swing sipping my coffee looking out the window all day long!yum!! i \u00a0charmers!!! friendly neighborhood joint with finest coffees. and now, bagel sandwiches!!!how lucky am i? \u00a0i can stroll down the block to a lovely cafe as charming as its name. better yet, they serve metropolis coffee! \u00a0every time i enter this establishment, i am greeted with a warm and friendly smile, as well as thoughtful, detail-oriented service. \u00a0the space is beautiful and it most assuredly adds to the collection of businesses on jarvis square. \u00a0if you ride the redline...stop at jarvis, go to charmer's...sip on some espresso specialty drink, order some homer's ice cream to go, and head directly east on jarvis to the park and the beach (only two blocks away). it's a romantic little spot to enjoy a beautiful day.ambiance:great vibe, welcoming friendly staff. feels like i could chill here for hours.food:had a chocolate scone and dark roast metropolis coffee. scone was delish moist and flavorful,coffee was smooth and freshfree wifi...yes. it's a necessitysuggestions/constructive criticism :wish they had a signature bev of the week or day and if they do and i missed it it would be nice if the stag suggested it or informed me about it. when i explore new spots i like to know what makes the place unique. there are tons of coffee shops in the chi,i'm still not sure what is unique about charmers.this convenient location that's a local coffee shop, serves common coffee drinks and sandwiches. the drinks are made with care and so was the turkey swiss sandwich that i order on a regular. the prices are slightly high, but i take that it's because it's a local shop.a great, cozy little cafe nestled in the heart of rogers park. a neighborhood mainstay returns!great drinks options. \u00a0i had a chai tea. \u00a0perfectly spiced without being too sweet. \u00a0sandwiches are also yummy. \u00a0must try if in the area.so glad charmers is back! their coffee is delicious and while i do love metropolis, i wish they would have gone with a newer small local roaster. i will occasionally work from charmers and appreciate that i can stay for a few hours and not feel rushed or that i am in the way. i am sad that they shortened their hours for winter but i understand why it makes sense for their business. welcome back charmers!always a wonderful experience but today had a bagel cheese egg and ham sandwich that was so delicious! \u00a0so many places serve frozen processed stuff (starbucks) and this sandwich was freshly made and wonderful!love this new cafe. brings more charm to the neighborhood it compliments r public house at the jarvis redlinei love this place! coffee is great and the shakes are delicious. the interior makes me want to sit, read and hang out!!!! i'm so happy this place opened.a wonderful addition to jarvis square. this will easily be my new favorite coffee house. an engaging staff and \"charming\" atmosphere that has my favorite coffee and something tasty for just about anyone's liking. they have a huge sidewalk patio and plenty of seating inside, try one of the three swings. welcome back to the neighborhood charmers cafe, you have elevated rogers park, jarvis square just that much more.since i moved to rogers park from bedstuy brooklyn, i've been complaining about not having coffee or bodegas on every corner. when charmers opened, i was dripping with anticipation to see what they would offer. i was so pleased when i discovered that they not only serve some of the best roasted beans in town, but they are poc owned and queer friendly. this place is my dream come true. i guarantee you will walk out with some deliciousness in your hand and a smile on your face.great service and great coffee!!!!! the peach ice cream is also delicious. good for writing and also to bring kids for an afternoon outing. prices are a lot better than other coffee shops in the area also they are just very friendly!we've missed you, charmers! so happy to have you back. now about that red vanilla. let's get that on board again, thank you please! but i'll let you off the hook for bringing homer's back. for now. sandwiches need to make the comeback too! for now, just happy to have you home.charmers fed our staff for a music educators professional development and it was fantastic! everyone loved the quality, selection and the kindness that was given to us! looking forward to using charmer's in the future or just going to the cafe for fun and good eats. thank you!metropolis coffee, great vibe, very friendly staff with a neighborhood feel (based on the customers and the interactions). outdoor patio is a nice welcoming change to jarvis square. free wifi, varied seating (they have 3 swings which are interesting), outlets under virtually every seat. love the music, mostly classic rock but easily listening (beatles, jimi hendrix, cream) for today--not overpowering like every other starbucks in existence.glad charmers is back. new decor is very nice. large selection of coffees and beverages. nice pastries and bagels. thanks for re-opening.great pre-starbucks style coffee house. they serve metropolis coffee so you know that's all good. excellent pastries but they tend to run low as morning wanes. this is a family favorite and meet up spot.loved the intelligentsia cafe cortado and it was fun to swing up to the bar on a real swing!this beautifully run corner cafe embodies the quintessence of rogers park at its best, which is to say every kind of creative, self opinionated individual in a neighborhood that is one of the most diverse (and therefore tolerant) in the united states--and therefore the world. owned by a gentleman who took on a pritzger in court (and won), the food selection is not quite up to starbucks standards, but the experience more than makes up for it. thus, we'll worth the visit for out of towners who seek a \"real chicago experience\".wonderful place to meet up with a friend, grilled cheese sandwich was delicious, simple but well executed. they have really cool swings by the window.this place has a great, warm, welcoming vibe. homemade soup was out of this world. free wifi. great place to work and enjoy good coffee, food, etc.sweet local cafe in the heart of rogers park! great coffee, even better baristas! come by for a warm and friendly place to study or meet up with friends. definitely a neighborhood staple!loved the milk shakes here. the best! also atmosphere is cool, and they have the fastest wifi anywhere.charmer's is now serving homer's ice cream!!!!! for those of you who've never had homer's...it's incredibly delicious, and locally made. \u00a0charmer's initially only carried vanilla, chocolate and a few other flavors. \u00a0now they have peach as well!!!!! \u00a0expensive ice cream but worth it as an occasional treat.staff was super friendly and we loved the environment. \u00a0coffee was good. i did not like the green tea latte at all but my husband and i both enjoyed our pastries: cherry and cheese danish and ham and cheese crossiant. \u00a0will be back again!first time and was blown away by the customer service! was visiting from out of town and was greeted by a nice lady who welcomed us and offered us a free donut since it was our first visit. the food was also amazing! if i lived in the area this would be my 2nd home.pop up smack dab.. breakfast sandwiches on the go with a vegan red velvet donut and a side of cold brew coffee. just awesome. \u00a0i heart the best seller with ham bacon jam made it delicious. although its kinda pricey but after tiring it worth it while in rogers park. the red velvet donut not bad at all tasty. not much of a sweets person but good overall. \u00a0definitely worth the come back when i'm in rogers park again.the bacon ham and chive mayo combo was amazing! biscuits are super butter and soft. best. biscuit. sandwich. ever. the mango glazed donut was ok, kinda tasted fruity, had a homemade feel to it the glenwood location had an outside seating area as well as a parking lot! great casual brunch place!!!!the food was over priced, bland and took a long time to come out of the kitchen incorrect. on our table there was a croissant (soft and boring); a greens scramble and a denver scramble (the eggs tasted old or something); and \u00a0a side of sweet potatoes (actually pretty good).this is boring food for gentrifiers.i love their donuts. yummy. \u00a0the coffee is good. i will go back for the donuts and the coffee.sure the egg sandwich was very good as many of reviewers commented.i had a basic - the best seller egg sandwich and it's $9.00. \u00a0donuts 3 for $4.5 and coffee 16oz is $3.i thought the price range is higher side for the volume even organic ingredients are used. ambiance: good service: goodfood: goodprice: highfood is amazing, though not a single $, as it is labeled.my main disappointment is that it is ridiculous for an egg sandwich to take 25 minutes to make.um what? amazing. check out this egg sandwich with tomato jam on a cheesy herb biscuit. great music. local art on the wall. women with dogs in the corner. delish coffee. (you'll wash down nicely my hot sandwich from heaven.)i'll be back for you, bacon jam. parking is a little limited. hope your parallel parking skills are on point. what does that have to do with this amazing little gem, smack dab? nothing.first of all they are a super gay friendly supportive shop!! i had the bacon jam biscuit! delicious!!! great friendly staff and a nice little comfortable setting!same in for breakfast, stayed for the atmosphere. the service was very nice and accommodating. we were in the neighborhood to look for a potential neighborhood to move too, and after brunch here my girlfriend was sold.staff is very friendly, great attitudes! but the food takes a very long time to come out.first of all, i'm sorry to all of you out there in yelpland, but i'm about to write a negative review about smack dab, not because of any service issues but because of the food. \u00a0i'm really disappointed more than anything else. \u00a0after seeing steve dolinsky's review of it recently on channel 7 i had such high hopes for smack dab, it looked so enticing. \u00a0first off, i ordered the best seller, $7.50, an uninspiring egg sandwich slathered with this overpowering sweet jelly on a cheese biscuit. \u00a0unfortunately the jelly was so sweet i had to scrape it off with a knife, because it made the sandwich almost inedible, eventually i ended throwing most of it out. \u00a0maybe it was organic jelly, for all i know though it could've been smucker's!!! \u00a0the egg part wasn't any better either, it's nothing like the mouthwatering pictures they show on yelp where it appears to be light and fluffy, as if they used hwc, in actuality though it's probably just plain old milk. lastly the biscuit? \u00a0was this really homemade because it sure didn't taste like it? \u00a0the only place in chicago that has good homemade biscuits is roost on irving park, \u00a0no place even comes close! \u00a0 finally, i waited approximately 10 min. before it came out of the kitchen to me and it was served lukewarm, not hot like the person's meal that was sitting next to me. \u00a0his looked good, mine did not. although it appeared he ordered a different type of egg sandwich his came with ham and i could see the steam coming from it... it looked fresher and edible. \u00a0i'm in no hurry to go back there, but if i do maybe i'll try their donuts. \u00a0but my expectations would be entirely different. \u00a0 hard to screw those up. \u00a0but who knows ???trying new breakfast place, on morse/glenwood. super yummy. wow. really impressed with coffee, donuts, egg sandwiches. and they have a crafted bloody mary bar after 11am on sundays. must try that.this little popup changed my life in the best way possible. i heard about it from a good friend in the hood who said it was to die for...\"they have the best breakfast sandwiches\" he says. well my buddy wasn't being a sammy superlative, he was telling the truth.my first sandwich was a gateway drug. remember the first time you drank alcohol or made it to 4th base? you're hooked after that, can't go back. your eyes are opened and the world becomes clearer.the winning formula is simple:-start with an egg, spiced up with the magic from that shaker-open up one of those crumbly, pillowy cheesy biscuits -slap some jam (of the customer's choosing: \u00a0tomato, onion, or my favorite bacon) on one side-smear some mayo on the other (pay the extra for the chive mayo, it's incredible)-pop that egg in between and wrap that bad boy up!seriously, it's heaven. from day one, i converted to a smack dab evangelist. i've shared these sandwiches with friends and coworkers all over the city and even driven them out to the suburbs on multiple occasions (they are actually really good, almost better, after sitting for 30-60 minutes in the foil).the donuts are good, but not quite as magical as the sandwiches; try one of every flavor you see so you know what they're like.the other baked goods are crazy, crazy good. my favorite is the chocolate pepita bread...omg it's a chocolaty delicious giant muffin-type loaf, and the pumpkin seeds add a smokey savoriness that is unforgettable.the staff at this popup, their bakery on clark, and the wellington location are all super friendly, and they recognize you and make you feel like family when you come in.even though my body is now composed of 23% biscuit sandwich, what sets this place apart for me is what they are as a company...they've followed a dream from a popup to a 3 location business with a cult following, all while staying true to themselves. they periodically send out newsletters highlighting fundraisers or awareness campaigns they're doing...ones i remember are breast cancer awareness themed donuts, gender neutral cookies, and obama biscuit sandwiches (these were amazing but sold out within like an hour...they had pineapple and ham on them, if only!!).i could honestly go on and on. my only gripe is that now having moved to lakeview, i haven't been able to get my garlic chive mayo on a biscuit sandwich because the wellington cta stop usually just has regular mayo. but even with regular mayo, this sandwich is still at least 70% better than the best breakfast sandwich you've ever had in your life.best biscuits and eggs. \u00a0this place is amazing. cheap prices and good vibes- very trendy. \u00a0we had the classic sandwich, freshly made chocolate milk over ice and mouth watering donuts (get the boat) what more can one ask for? \u00a0go here!i need to update this- this page is for the pop-up location which is sadly closing soon. we love you! everyone should make sure to make the 10 minute walk over to the main location on clark that is open all week!the food and staff are amazing! they have one of the best cups of coffee i've had. the donuts and the best seller sandwich are my go to items. i've truly never had anything bad from this spot. they can get pretty busy on the weekends but worth the wait. my only issues is i always crave it on mondays when they are closed! if you haven't stopped by you're missing out!first time here and already hooked onto their egg sandwiches and pastries! the vibe is very chill here with plenty of bar seating and close to the entrance seating. the woman at the cashier was very friendly and crafted my egg sandwich with care!i ordered the egg sandwich on the cheesy herb biscuit with bacon jam and the basil chive mayo. everything about this sandwich was perfection! the mayo was savory and delicious, the bacon jam was sweet and the bacon flavor was not overly strong. this sandwich was sweet, salty, and absolutely delicious! super excited to try the cheesy herb cornbread next time! the donuts here was super good as well! they were crunchy, not overly oily, perfectly sweet, and satisfied our sugar craving just right. the flavors change every day and so today, i got their pineapple and rum as well as their peanut butter vegan donuts. i do not have much experience with vegan foods, but i know a good pastry and those donuts were just that! really considering stopping by everyday to try out the different flavors!super great hole in the wall that you definitely need to check out! i will for sure be back next time to try their coffee beverages as well!i feel guilty. i wrote this review years ago and since this past summer, i've happily, albeit guiltily indulged myself with smack dab's sandwiches, donuts, parfaits and yes, even coffee. their sandwiches are divine, no matter what the combination. i particularly love the passion fruit donut when it's available. their coffee is still not my fave (maybe halfwit just isn't for me?) it's definitely drinkable when you need a caffeine fix and i stick with the regular cream now.wow. we came here on a whim/in a haze needing coffee and food asap. it's a pop up in rogers park social, parking can be difficult, but we just pulled up right in front and kept an eye on the car. biscuit was soft and warm and like a pillow i just wanted to dive into. gluten free cornbread was flavorful but beware it is crumbly if eating on the go! i will 100% be visiting the brick and mortar on clark because i could've eaten like 4 of those little sandwiches. staff super friendly and we were a little loopy but she answered all our questions with a smile and was super patient.this place is really chill and cute. \u00a0the muffin was really good, and i liked that they had oat milk for the coffee, but i wish they had more dairy options than just half and half. \u00a0i also wish that they were open a little later into the day, but i understand that it's also a bar so that might not be possible. \u00a0i'm excited to try their new store on clark!i bought 20 donuts to take to work last week. i ate 6 of them in 2 days. i wanted to make myself feel better about indulging in these delicious delicacies by forcing a few upon--i mean...sharing them with my wonderful coworkers.made with quality ingredients, i didn't feel too bad. i've only been to their pop-up at rogers park social. the staff is always friendly. as an ex-barista, i'm kind of a snob when it comes to customer service. this staff nails it every time. pleasant af at 7:30am. keep it up!!i'm in there almost every weekend for a breakfast biscuit sandwich + coffee. highly highly recommend the bacon jam biscuit w spicy mayo. vegan? vegetarian? no problem.easy to walk to from andersonville. food looks and smells amazing! service was friendly & they were accommodating to any and all food allergies. music was at a good volume and it was easy to find a table while we waited for our food. 5 stars all the way!got the ripper and it was delicious, for real u could taste that someone who cares made it. rogers park social is a great spot friendly af customers and employeesi've only been a couple times but it's been amazing every time. great and friendly staff. amazing coffee and donuts. and one of the biscuit sandwiches i've ever had.oh my! so good! the breakfast sandwiches are so good! my favorite is the cornbread breakfast sandwich with the onion jam - it has such great flavors and it's gf!also, the almond tea cakes are literally the most delicious gf thing!oh smack dab! how i love you!! where to begin on this review....the staff - christine and axel have assembled an amazing staff that are funny and helpful which is always great when you have no coffee in your system and are running late. the food - amazing! the onion jam is to die for, the vegan donuts (so far only available on weekends *sigh*) are tasty. before i went full vegan the biscuits are out of this world. everything is made there and i mean everything - jams, pastries, crumbles, etc. they had a raspberry jam bar that was perfection. they try to make things for all diets, which means anyone can eat here. i have brought many people in from out of town and they all want to come back when they are visiting. really you can't go wrong with smack dab! as a morning coffee stop.great breakfast that was a short walk from our air bnb. we are here twice on our trip because it was soooo fantastic. fun, funky, artsy atmosphere.let me start off by telling you i am not crazy about donuts, but smack dab is a game changer in the donut department.nothing like the regular donut, oh no. soft, warm deliciousness. my boyfriend had their homemade tart with hazelnut cream, i think there also \u00a0might have been fruit in it. can't remember, but that's what i wanna try next. very cool place. love the interior, wish i had more time to sit down and enjoy the atmosphere that day. unfortunately had to take my donuts to go. i'm so excited to have this place in my neighborhood. coming back very soon.this place is vegetarian friendly, and their egg sandwiches are divine. make sure you arrive before 1, it closes then. i'm a big coffee drinker, and would recommend their cold brew with my eyes closed. literally, this place was almost as expensive as a starbucks run, and there's something to be said about that. a must try! (ps, i eat eggs, but other than that no meat or fish, and so it was really refreshing to have something so yummy!this place is overpriced and the food looks good but tastes bland. i have tried it a few times and been disappointed after spending at least ten dollars on a coffee and bagel. not worth itwe had a  certificate that incorrectly sent us to 7006 n. glenwood. luckily, the folks there knew where to send us. we tried a roasted tomato and a bacon jam biscuit. we both thought the jam and the chive bar mayo topping competed and cancelled each other out, flavor-wise. for chicago, it's a decent biscuit, we'd have liked more egg, though. the halfwit coffee alone is worth stopping in for. but ... we were sadly disappointed in the donuts. the dough was mediocre-tasting so we didn't bother to finish them.pluses are good music played at normal volume; gay-friendly; super nice staff; and plenty of seating where you may actually start up a convo with a stranger demonstrating his michael jackson moves.hip cafe. their donuts are very good. a bit on the sweet side but their donut favors make up for it! they have flavored that are not common at other donut stores. the donuts are small but worth the yummy taste.bacon jam is a thing, y'all. went in on a saturday morning, super friendly staff, not crowded at all. it's in a strange spot, definitely didn't expect it to be a ship within a bar!got a fried egg on a biscuit with bacon jam and chive mayo. i'm not sure i can say, \"wow! i love it!\" but it's worth a try. because now i can pompously tell people i've tried bacon jam. the biscuits are the main attraction for me. i could have eaten a dozen.really really really amazing vegan donuts + other non vegan treats. i had no idea they were vegan until i read a few reviews on here - but they are! they also have cold brew and hot coffee if you need your fix. every time i've been here, the customer service is great. they don't rush through your order or push you out the door like most bakeries on a sat/sunday morning would. i highly recommend you go and get one of whatever donuts they have at the time, that's what i do. ps you can find them inside the redline tap bar on glenwood (right past heartland cafe off the morse stop).one of the best donuts i have ever had (best vegan donut by far)- fresh. warm. soft on the inside. slightly crunchy outside. heaven. it will blow your mind from your mouth. prices are great and they serve homemade hemp milk for your coffee!sorry do-rite, i have a new mistress...the service was super friendly and helpful, and wow those pumpkin and apple cider donuts !! the iced chai was also very good. cute little breakfast joint, will be back to try the sandwiches (:let me begin by saying this place rocks! \u00a0the pastries and biscuit sandwiches are spot on and the staff couldn't be friendlier! \u00a0i stumbled upon this place at their new pop-up location in the wellington brown line station. \u00a0it was their first week open and i scored a berry sprinkle donut and cheesy herb biscuit. \u00a0both were heavenly. \u00a0what i love about their donuts is, they aren't too big, have a delicious crunchy exterior and soft, cakey interior. \u00a0perfect with coffee! \u00a0they also make all of their own glazes for the donuts with seasonal fruit or their cold brew coffee! \u00a0(my personal fav)the cheesy herb biscuit sandwiches have fresh scrambled eggs and a swipe of their awesome jam. \u00a0choose from roasted tomato, balsamic red onion or my personal favorite, bacon jam! \u00a0smack dab is opening their first storefront on saturday, april 1 in rogers park, where you can sit in their cute cafe, sip coffee, eat cheesey biscuit sandwiches and munch on delicious donuts. \u00a0you know where to find me!smackdab is now a weekly ritual for me. i have to start by saying, they get 5 stars for great service and delicious egg cheese biscuits. fave is bacon jam and chive mayo (like most), but i also enjoy the onion jam. i haven't tried the tomato yet. i've stopped by and i've ordered delivery and the biscuits are always hot and tasty. they get one star off because i really disliked the donuts. for a bakery, i haven't enjoyed any of their baked goods thus far (only tried cookies and donuts) outside of the biscuit. i also tried a guava lemonade the other day, but it tasted more like a grapefruit juice-not very pleasant and the guava got lost in the tartness of the lemon. might try a muffin or coffee cake in the future, but i suggest you stick to the egg cheese biscuit and you'll leave happy each and every time!!!!i was freezing my face off last week and smack dab saved me. i stopped in to thaw for a second and i was instantly confused. quirkiest breakfast spot i've ever been to (being that it shares its space with a bar lol). it's charming though because of the staff and how much love is put into the food. i had the bacon jam biscuit sandwich, coffee and donuts. everything was perfect, if i lived in the area i would certainly come back frequently. once they gain some steam and get their own place, they will do very well for themselves i'm sure.i love this place! i go here every single sunday with friends to get the cold brew, classic egg sandwich (with spicy mayo of course), and the daily donuts! the workers are so incredibly friendly (and they even recognize us from coming in so often!) 10/10 would recommend!! (ps i know for a fact i will be having smack dab withdrawals while i'm home for the summer :'( )so glad i found this place! the best egg biscuit sandwiches and fresh donuts. skip mcdonalds and dunkin if you're in rogers park.i made a special trip to smack dab, because all the rogers park people i know keep raving about this place.it is a very small shop, adjacent to the morse red line stop. i got a coffee to go, as always -- their only sweetener is some organic liquid (agave, maybe?), and that was good. i liked the coffee very much.since i don't anticipate visiting every day, i got a cheesy biscuit to eat then and a blueberry tart thing for later. the cheesy biscuit is the savory selection. i was pleasantly surprised how light it was; i kind of expected it to be heavy, but it was far far from the dreaded \"hockey puck\" density. delicious.i saved the blueberry tart for dessert after dinner. it, too, was light and flavorful. it had a really nice texture, and a flavor that was not overpowering or too sweet. definitely not a savory treat, which it doesn't aim to be. the sweetness and texture were just right. yummy.to all my friends who live north of devon avenue -- you were right. smack dab is worth making a special trip. everything was outstanding. highly recommended!great stafff horrible donuts we purchased the lemon lavender donut this morning it tasted nothing like a lemon or lavender would definitely give them another try due to them having a awesome staff but wasn't impressed so far i really wanted to like this place! but we ended up tossing the donut and going to another placethe sandwich breakfast is really tasty. super nice people working there. thank you for having some books for all and crayons for the little ones.biscuit with spicy mayo & onion jam is the best breakfast sandwich i've ever had!! you won't be disappointed. lovely atmosphere and comfy seating. the guests are even friendly here and everyone shares space.loooove their breakfast sandwiches! they use fresh organic ingredients and always keep things interesting :)this is literally the best thing ever. if you haven't been, run, don't walk, and get the amazing egg sandwich. super friendly staff, as well.such a welcome addition to rp! great for kids too. love the all gender restrooms and the eclectic art and furniture.great idea. pop up breakfast shop. food was very delicious and the vegan donuts were great! i had a biscuit and egg sandwich w bacon jam it was great!i wish for the continued success of smack dab, rogers park is so lucky to have such a great local coffee place!i've never had a bad pastry from there, and at this point i've tried almost everything. the selection is a little modest but they do it well.they have gluten-free and vegan options that will blow your mind (as someone who is not personally gf or vegan) and love sourcing local products. their crowning jewels are their egg sandwich (i love the bacon jam) and vegan donuts (you will not believe they are gf!).and of course their coffee (halfwit) is wonderful, need to try their tea selections soon!the chocolate muffin is so good. donuts were sold out so will go there a second time to try. good place to have breakfast.they specialize in pastries (cookies, doughnuts, muffins) and egg sandwiches on cheese biscuits with succulent jams. there's coffee too. though the selection is small, what they do they do well. the doughnuts were the perfect small size, not too greasy, great texture, delicately flavored. the muffin we ordered was moist and flavorful. the egg sandwich i was served was really really good. it was recommended to me because i'm trying to eat eggs but i don't like their flavor. well, put it on a fluffy cheese biscuit with some savory tomato jam and i can be persuaded! the seating is sparse and the facilities are iffy, but it's a pop-up--so go for the amazing food and enjoy reasonably priced fare that is well worth the walk over.i have never had a more delicious egg sandwich in my life! \u00a0the bacon and jam slam - wow! \u00a0the cheesy biscuits will make you think your mom couldn't cook.they have gluten free and vegan options- which normally make me run but the flourless chocolate cake and vegan donuts are the bomb. \u00a0i'm not kidding folks. \u00a0you have to try this place. \u00a0culinary geniuses... truly. \u00a0operates out of a bar during its off hours. \u00a0plenty of places to sit and eat there or take it with you. \u00a0staff is incredibly nice.this place is super hard to find if you've never been.. it's tucked away inside a bar, and the only sign they have out is usually pretty well hidden by all the cars parked on the street. \u00a0once you find it, though, you'll be handsomely rewarded.the bacon onion jam and egg on a yeasted biscuit is heavenly. \u00a0they cook each egg to order, which just makes the sandwich all the better. \u00a0the other sweet items they have on display are all delicious. \u00a0i'm not much of a coffee drinker, but my husband says it's great. \u00a0we always buy a few extra biscuits with our order to eat later...service is really friendly, and the owner said they're considering selling their bacon jam! \u00a0crossing fingers!omg!! their cheese biscuit egg sandwich with tomato jam is great! the place is so great and closer to the redline-morse stop. i read so much about their donuts and i am definitely coming back on the weekend to try them.great find: yummy breakfast sandwiches! we were driving in the area and wanted something different and good, smack dab was perfect.i went to the location at 6730 n. clark chicago, best donuts ever! \u00a0i was longing for the old fashion donut with a little crisp on the edges and homemade frosting, they managed to surpass my expectations. \u00a0 they have a variety of a different donuts, i like the mint mojito. today they have strawberry kiwi, banana coffee drizzle and cinnamon, also great coffee! \u00a0the setting is chilled and the artwork eclectic. they are closed on mondays but open 6am weekdays and 7am weekends.smack dab should be immediately added to any list of \"must experience\" places in chicago. \u00a0the food is amazing, the vibe is great, and it will definitely help start your day off on the right foot. \u00a0go hungry, eat everything they have since it's all delicious, and you can probably even skip lunch. \u00a0oh yeah, the coffee's great too! \u00a0try the cascara (they had it way before starbucks :p )i expected something more. i went thinking i could get more than hot or cold coffee so was disappointed but the guy working was nice and the iced coffee was good so i got over it.the desserts were few so more in terms of selection would be nice.this place is seriously amazing. the owners and people who work there are all so friendly and take the time to chat a with you. i've gotten different pastries from there but the blueberry donut is seriously the best! today i tried the cheese biscuit with egg and bacon jam (sounded strangely good) - it is seriously one of the best things i have ever eaten in my life. they are such a great local business and i love stopping by when i have a chance. definitely check this place out!thank you yelpers for this tucked-away powerhouse of a breakfast place. it is just a small counter with a little chalkboard menu, but everything made here is made with love. you can't go wrong with the cheddar biscuits, and i highly recommend having it with fried egg and bacon jam. i had mine with a cold brew coffee but the person i went with had a cherry syrup iced tea that made me regret my choice. no doubt, this place gets all the stars.smack dab is such a great little bakery, and has such a wide variety of items. i am a huge fan of their cheesy breakfast biscuits, empanadas, and tiny pies. they also make amazing donuts.however, my favorite thing by far is the flourless chocolate cake with pistachio buttercream. i never would have thought of that combo, and it's not something i've seen anywhere else,but it's life changing, and gluten-free! they don't have it every time i'm there, because they change their menu around a lot to add variety... but i'm always looking for it!being allergic to gluten, there are a lot of impostors out there that claim to be able to provide health(ish) delicious options, but a lot of times fall flat. smack dab is not one of them. they make amazing, gluten-free options that are absolutely delicious, and make it so i don't miss gluten at all! great job guys! keep up the good work!\"this ain't f****n around shit!\" - true detective.gawd.coffee was great.doughnut was great.cheese biscuit egg sandwich was great.you need to go there. \u00a0right now.strong, hot coffee every time i've been, and the biscuit egg sandwich with bacon jam are a must try. i'm a regular nowbest. egg. sandwich. ever. i love the grassrootsy feel of this place - everything is delicious and made with a lot of heart. thrilled it's in our neighborhood!yep, they have the most amazing cheesy biscuit breakfast sandwich with bacon jam! it keeps us coming back again and again. i also love that they have decaf coffee and it is delicious. their baked goods are awesome as well, but i usually don't get past the cheesy biscuit sandwich (with garlic chive mayo).i am totally addicted to the cheesy biscuit sandwiches. my favorite is the eggy biscuit with tomato jam.....mmmmm...sooo good!the bakery of my pure ecstatic dreams! the egg breakfast sandwich is absolute perfection, given that i hardly ever eat breakfast sandwiches.after hearing over and over again about how i had to try this place, well i finally did, and all i can say is it exceeded all expectations, which were high to begin with. \u00a0our party of four tried a large variety of items from cinnamon rolls (amazing!), egg sandwiches on cheesy biscuits with bacon jam (incredible!), flourless hot chocolate mexican cake (unbelievable!) and my personal favorite - and keep in mind all of the others were exceptional - the meat pie! \u00a0i can't wait to try more offerings including donuts on the weekends. \u00a0oh - and the friendliest, most helpful service. \u00a0if i could give it six stars i would.i love this place so much! i just wish it was open more and longer! they have the best cold brew i've had since living in california. keep doing amazing!i'm not a huge coffee person, or a huge pastry person, but someone on yelp said something about cheesy biscuits and i had to know. i love biscuits. love them. eat most of my meals with a biscuit. not really, but kind of.anyway, this cheesy biscuit breaks my top 5 list. number 2 behind my grandma's cheesy drop biscuits. cheese-y. herb-y. light and flaky. it doesn't get better than that.also, now i have somewhere between my apartment and the train to grab breakfast, and that's worth five stars in it's own right.cute pop up bake shop. those cheesy biscuits are amazing. they have gluten free options , if youre into that type of stuff.i have nothing to say about the food but i can talk about the customer service. i tried to place a special order for a birthday on two separate occasions but after both of those times no one got back to me! i called, filled out the form on their website, and emailed the email address which was given when no one picked up the phone. this was very upsetting and we ended up with no doughnuts on the birthday. i wish someone at least got back to me but that didn't happen unfortunately. perhaps go in person to place a special order?who needs friendly neighborhood business with great coffee and cheesy biscuits? everyone. that is only among the many reasons this place is amazing. smack dab is a must for the early morning commute or to fuel a stroll through the farmers market on sunday. mmm homemade pastries.the coffee and pastry counter is open from 7:30 - 11:30 during the workweek. we were lucky that they were open today (memorial day) so that we could drop in. the coffee was great -- drip coffee only with simple syrup to sweeten it, which i hope means there will be iced coffee once it gets a bit warmer. aside from coffee, i had the zucchini and cheddar scone. i would say it was somewhere between a scone and a biscuit -- extremely light, a bit sweet, completely delicious. i was loathe to share it with my husband. he got the strawberry shortbread which was a bit over caramelized on he bottom, but the strawberry filling was extremely good. super convenient given their proximity to the red line and the owners are completely delightful.great food, pastries and coffee! \u00a0the employees are welcoming and super friendly. cool urban vibe in what looks to be a bar by night and breakfast takeout by morning. \u00a0this is one of those places you want to stick around for a long time !good made with love and good humor. \u00a0the smack dab crew are always up early, working hard and smiling. \u00a0the food is delicious, and i do mean delicious. \u00a0savory biscuits that melt in your mouth (thank you butter), sweets that make you drool. \u00a0my fav is the egg biscuit with bacon (yes, bacon) jam, and a concord grape donut to finish off. \u00a0if you a fan of coffee, you must try it with their awesome homemade syrup.must try! \u00a0say bonjour for me.i was very pleased with this find. (thanks to all of my fellow yelpers for bringing it to my attention.)i tried three items, all of which impressed me:- a hot cup of coffee; halfwit coffee roasters is the name on the cup's sleeve. - a house-made doughnut \u00a0(hole), about the size of a cue ball, half-covered in a mango glaze.- a breakfast sandwich, served on a cheese biscuit with a large egg, slathered with a bacon jam coating. the only caveat that i will need to share is that they'll need to move out of this space (just north of morse on glenwood) \u00a0in two more days (01-nov-2015) so please be sure to confirm their location status prior to departure. hoping to get back into this stop shortly. good luck in finding a new storefront.delicious sandwiches - so many flavors in each bite. have the coffee banana donut - whole new breakfast experience. i drove all the way from pilsen for the gluten free bacon cornbread. mmmmmmmi will just pile on the yelp goodness like smack dab piles on the food goodness. this place has a great staff, excellent food--biscuits, pastries and great coffee (so good i want more than 12 ounces for the hot!). rogers park residents definitely need to find (it is in the red line tap) and try this place.everything is ridiculously good. christine, axel, jc and edwin are all ridiculously good people.this is the cutest, most pleasant coffee counter i've ever stopped in! christine was super friendly and greeted me and my so so warmly. i heartily recommend one of their cheddar asparagus biscuits. this is a down-to-earth, local/organic presence that rogers park is blessed to have!the breakfast sandwich is so good. the mayo and tomato jam is so unique, creamy and delicious. the donuts are delicious and unique. the location is a block from the redline. the staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming. the space is really cute with lots of seating. i love this place! great place for a quick, delicious breakfast. a true gem!iced decaf rocks my world, and hot coffee is great, with hard to find organic creamer! vegan donuts are stellar, just perfect. my son is allergic to dairy and egg, so vegan backed goods are a special treat, and nice for the whole family too. the breakfast sandwiches while tasty, were a little pricey and not as filling as you'd think. we return quite often.greatest breakfast sandwiches in chicago, bar none. friendly, lots of options, and the vegan doughnuts are delish as wellcheese biscuit and egg. amazing. slightly addictive! the strawberry rhubarb pastry was really good, though on the pricey side. coffee was great too. great hidden gem inside of red line tap.this place is in an actual bar because it's a pop up shop so i was kind of confused finding it. but boy am i glad i did. i am a food snob who works from home so i'm always looking for coffee shops and other places where i can grab good coffee, a snack and work. i'm normally disappointed though. because most places have food that i can prepare in my sleep with one hand. smack dab was amazing and \u00a0a very pleasant surprise. the owner/worker was lovely to talk to and very hospitable. i learned that they were starting up their business and renting the space in the bar, another reason why i was happy to give them my money. i had the red onion jam egg biscuit. it was delicous. the egg was fluffy, seasoned to perfect and juicy. the jam was savory and had a hint of sweet, paired great with the eggs. the biscuit was awesome. crumbly and buttery and a hint of cheese. i went back to order another because greedy. i also had a coffee and the simple syrup was really yummy. i will definitely be back. nice music in the background that wasn't overly loud like some places.their breakfast sandwich with bacon jam is delicious, especially because it comes on a fresh, flaky roll. one day i'll try the vegetarian version, because i'm sure it'd be just as tasty. the coffee is pretty great here too, and they offer hemp milk for creamer (along with dairy cream, i believe) which i've never seen anywhere else. i only wish this place were easier to find - my husband and i have bypassed it multiple times after it moved into red line tap. well worth searching for it, though.superb. yum yum vegan donuts. yum yum egg sandwiches. yum yum biscuits. yum yum coffee.just visited for the first time. wow what a super friendly and awesome staff. very laid back, excellent suggestions and easy to relate to. great biscuits! i got the egg biscuit with bacon jam and devoured it. a great union of sweet and savory. i should have gotten a second one. cinnamon rolls were warm and perfect. they also have vegan selections as well. great pastries made in house (doughnuts, cookies and tarts).wonderful coffee, pastries, and service. also $1 coffee on wednesday!? i just wish they were open 7 days a week.they are now reopened in their new shared space with the red line tap (7006 n. glenwood) and just reopened this thursday 11/19/15.our first time today - great cheesy biscuits (my preference), we went with savory jam (tomato on one side, onion on the other). sweet butter biscuits were also available (grape vs. pumpkin butter). did give the vegan donut a try with the tropical mango starfruit glaze (grape glaze was the other option this morning)...but preferred their fruit cream tart pastry which is a must try. they also had a tea cake and a pastry bar as well we didn't try. they accept credit card as a plus.delicious iced coffees and, the best tarts and brown butter cakes. not only that but they're always coming up with new stuff.the ham/cheese sammy was amazing!!! we also had some delicious iced coffees which made the mango doughnut taste like heaven.interesting location. \u00a0 iced coffee was good. \u00a0 \u00a0the biscuits with cheese were excellent. \u00a0 \u00a0this was a great place to stop for coffee and a pastry.this place is amazing i write this after my first bite of an egg sandwich, it is delicious. the service is really nice and i will keep coming back to try all the items. yum!a limited choice of coffee but it's been consistently delicious. no espresso drinks. amazing pastries. i love that it's located inside of a bar/club.this place popped out of nowhere, and it's one of my favorite neighborhood lazy weekend stops. it's literally placed in the hallway between 2 bars, but that doesn't make a difference. the coffee is amazing, the cheesy biscuit with egg is quickly becoming a staple in my diet, and the people are great. being placed in a dog friendly neighborhood, they allow dogs to come in, and greet them with a homemade bacon treat. it's a little pricey, but well worth it.smack dab between the pub [i had to use it], the supper club, and the glenwood sunday market, sits this sassy coffee and pastry counter, serving cheap but tasty fruit filled/laced/inspired goodies.absolutely loved this place! i had the cheese biscuit with scrambled egg and bacon jam and it was delicious! every mouthful burst with flavour, one of the best breakfasts ever. the biscuit was light and fluffy and full of flavour. the chocolate mint tea was amazing and so was their coffee. will definitely come here again!smack dab! in the middle if your taste buds is where this friendly little bake shop will impress you. the cheddar biscuits: sublime. the bacon jam: heavenly. i will be back to try more of the offerings at smack dab!, and it will be soon. if you do nothing else mew and different this year, treat yourself to a smack dab! i believe you will never regret it.finally got to check this place out and i love it! i'm so happy rogers park finally got a good coffee shop with very friendly workers. the coffee selection is delicious ( enjoy drinking it black) and the pastries are to die for! the cheesy biscuit was so good but my favorite was the fruit tart pie( not sure of the name) with apples and cherries. can't wait to frequent this place more often. and the people that work there are so friendly and make it so enjoyable to go there. you can tell the baker really has a passion for what she does ( which is the best part about this place) \u00a0and she is good at it :)yummy! try the egg sandwich on the cheesy biscuit -- it's delicious. the coffee is great too. they don't do fancy espresso drinks though. just a hot and cold brew. it's a great place to stop quickly before catching the red line in the mornings.the vegan donuts were amazing. the coffee was good and the cheese biscuit sandwiches were very very good. definitely will be going back for weekend breakfast!terrific coffee counter steps from the morse red line entrance. it's adorable! such sweet, friendly staff too. halfwit coffee has smooth, full flavor; so glad to have coffee options this close to the train. and the frequent visitor punch card helps remind me to keep coming back!love these guys. every single time i walk in i'm welcomed with a huge smile, which makes the guilt of stuffing my face with their amazing pastries and biscuits melt away. i have a huge sweet tooth but ventured outside my comfort zone and bought their cheesy biscuits and was blow away. so good! i also bought their mango vegan donut and it was crunchy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. glazed and infused and all those other fancy donut shops in the city have nothing on these donuts.place is super tiny which just adds to the charm. so glad they opened in rogers park!the iced coffee is killer good, the herbed biscuits - wow. i really like that they buy local. always friendly and they seem to want to get to know their customers. everything is quality here. also right off morse stop - we needed a coffee shop here!!set up in a bar during their off-hours, this place makes some bomb breakfast sandwiches on the spot, has hot and iced coffee, and an excellent selection of vegan doughnuts and cookies and fall things. it's so good! we go every weekend now and always leave happy.potent iced coffee! delicious egg sandwich!yum! yum! yum! i'll be back.i am so glad they are open on saturday now.this has absolutely terrific coffee. i'm particularly fond of their cold brew. they make their own in-house almond milk, which is hella impressive. love the organic cream, personally, instead. and i always get tempted by their baked treats in the morning. so far, i've had berry tarts, cheesy biscuits, almond toast, and cinnamon toast there and they were all exceptional! very convenient to the morse stop. love that this place opened up here! oh, and christine is super friendly and just a joy to talk to every morning. she makes this place even more awesome than it already is!great coffee, amazing pastries and delicious breakfast sandwiches. check it out ya fucks. don't be cheap, tip well! see you all there.amazing vegan doughnuts, super friendly staff. they really care about everything they put out. i'm not sure if i come here on a weekly basis because of the glenwood sunday market, or to the market every sunday because of their doughnuts... either way, something has me hooked and i'm not complaining!perfect neighborhood spot to grab an amazing biscuit with bacon jam before going on with your day.breakfast sandwich made me sick i will not return. tasted a bit funny and did not agree with menewbie to rogers park, tried finding this little stop and go cafe, had absolutely no luck. i walked down glenwood to the address and was only confronted with two bars that were both closed....is there a secret turn i missed? felt so silly walking around trying to find this little gem.this place is unbelievable. everything \u00a0is great. everything. sweet or savory. the breakfast biscuit sandwich. ..i can't...it's \u00a0a pop up with weird hours. just plan your day around it. just go....the stuff tastes home made. pretty glad money can buy it. i've had two of the donuts and the biscuit. won't miss a chance to try something every sunday market day now.one of rp's best kept secrets. \u00a0love their breakfast sandwiches.a little over priced, but the people who work there are fantastic! they are so friendly. its also conveniently located near the train. p.s the fruit tarts, and the cheese biscuits are delicious!i had a reasonably-priced herb biscuit. very tasty, and the service was extremely friendly!perfect cold brew coffee- rich and strong but without the bitterness. and the pastries are life changing--cheesey biscuits are tasty and savory but the tarts.... oh, the tarts. fresh fruit in a tender almond filling wrapped in fresh flakey crust--all you dream a tart can be and more.this place is everything you could want in a coffee shop! the coffee is of course great, however the thing that makes this shop so incredible are the two lovely owners. i feel like i've stumbled out of my apartment and into the happiest and most welcoming place in the world. the cute decor is icing on the cake.... or on whatever wonderful pastry they have baked up that morning!stopped in early and had a delicious piece of almond toast and a cold brew. very friendly and quick service, will definitely come in again!~$3 for donuts. delicious!shots come in doubles, so if you buy an extra shot you actually get 2!great space, lots of different tables and seats. plugs under the booth seats.street parking is $2 an hour right outside. right next to the howard red line stop.gaslight coffee roasters. $3 for a small latte. 0.55 for an extra espresso shot.food served from 9-4pm.whether it be a sunny or stormy day, sol is such a solid place to exist. the interior is almost as charming as the employees. the playlists are always perfect (combine this with all of the natural light pouring in and you have a perfect place to get some work done-wifi and pay to print printer.) there is a small shop in the back featuring local artist (smudge sticks, trinkets, prints ect.)oh yeah! coffe&foodreally intersting seasonal blends (good kind of interesting.)i really appreciate the creativity and boldness sol puts into their drinks and dishes. there are always vegan options- today i picked up a lemon vegan donut & it rules. anyway.. go to sol.like right now!really enjoy the chai and oat milk lattes here. the interior is beautiful with lots of plants. the staff is very nice. the only complaint is that the wait can be really long. once i waited about 10 minutes for a latte, and there wasn't anyone else waiting. sometimes i don't stop if i'm on the way to the train because i'm worried it will take a long time again. overall, really like this place! quality coffee and calm/beautiful interior.truly a vibe to sip on a matcha green tea at this cafe. the feel good vibe is matched with their comfy armchairs, great music selection, decoration, and the menu options. and for the smaller details, the photo collage in the restroom gives it a homie feel. would make a great study spot during the day. unfortunately, as a night study person, this shop closes a bit earlier than i would hope. but finding an outlet at this spot is easy and the complimentary wi-fi is a big plus. the barista, was welcoming and super great with the drink suggestions. gave me the recommendation for the seasonal matcha latte. try it if you're a fan of green tea!one of my new faves. love the vibe here - from the indoor plants and exposed vents/pipes to the dope light fixtures and local artwork on the walls - it's my kind of coffee shop. i'm a sucker for well-designed spaces.. and this place nailed it. there's ample seating (currently typing this on a velvety couch), natural light coming from the floor-to-ceiling windows, and unique drinks. i tried the so fresh and so green (matcha latte) and the apple butter jeans (their version of apple cider; has homemade apple butter!!). i appreciate their twist on both drinks. i would definitely come back to try their other drinks as well as their food. they serve bowls and sandwiches in addition to pastries from glazed & infused and bang bang pie & biscuits. it's a stone's throw away from the howard red line stop, and perfect for commuters looking for a quick bite, pick-me-up, or a place to do work. also, there's a couple of free parking spaces in the back for customers! always a plus in chicago. just go through the alley :)wow. the \"so fresh so green\" totally blew me away. it tastes a little different than other matcha's that i have had, and i think it is due to the herb syrup. the fennel seeds were a nice touch of aromatics. about 2/3's of the tables were taken on a wednesday late afternoon, and i settled in to work until almost closing time. there were a lot of students studying together towards the front of the coffee shop because of the sofas and large tables, but it wasn't too noisy in the middle of the shop.pro tip: there are designated parking spots for sol cafe customers behind the building, which is awesome!we woke up, yearning for a walk and cup of joe -- for me a london fog. walking in here, it was bright, neat, a bit of hipster music playing and warmth.i know i thought, this is a place i want to spend more than a quick 5 minutes to pick up my drink and go, which is what we did. \u00a0we sat there talking, standing up and checking their swag and browsing their specialty drinks.you can chill on their comfy couches, play chess or seems like a nice spot to read the news and plan your day.i've been wanting to try this place for a long time, and it was definitely worth the wait!! first, i love the atmosphere! it's super aesthetic and also was a great place to study for a few hours. i started off by getting a latte and a vegan blueberry muffin. i loved the coffee - it was a perfect medium roast (i think they brew gaslight). i also really liked the muffin. it was super fresh and had an orange glaze which was really unique. for lunch later on, i had the jerk tofu bowl which was also great. i loved the seasoning on the tofu and the roasted yams were great too. it also had toasted coconut on top which was really unique and fun. overall, i really appreciated the super creative and fresh vegan options on their menu. would definitely come back and can't wait to try some more delicious vegan food!food: i ordered the hash here and it was incredible, the coffee-braised bacon was yummmmmy. i dream of it even to this day. after this visit, i went to the store and bought sweet potatoes and potatoes in order to recreate this hash. couldn't. but not the point. whatever herb oil is on the bowl was very good. give up your secrets sol cafe. atmosphere: this place is a super cute spot, with fresh, colorful decorations and a lot of natural light.service: everyone who works here seems to be familiar with the menu and isn't shy about offering suggestions when asked. i can appreciate that.recommended by a acquaintance. wow! a hidden treasure on howard \u00a0east of clark and hopefully a boom for this neighborhood. ordered a redeye and egg bagel which was very good. nice ambience! will return !one of the best - if not the best - coffeeshops in chicago and beyond. they serve gaslight coffee, which is always delicious, and their homemade sandwiches, burritos, and other food is excellent. they also offer old fashioned donuts that are crunchy, moist, and a flavor carousel. and the chocolate old fashioned? don't even talk to me. also, once i went in and they were making their own chai that smelled literally like the breeze through the window of a goddam celestial camaro on a drive through heaven. nice atmosphere, cool staff. five stars for sure.dropped in to kill some time while waiting for a ride, had a lovely, spicy, chai tea with some very friendly and helpful service. \u00a0loved all of the plants, art, and general vibe. \u00a0great tunes playing as well. \u00a0i think i will start making my weekly trips out this way earlier in the day to spend more time studying at sol versus the lab. \u00a0great spot.really lovely cafe in the area with great seasonal beverage items, amazing food items to snack on while there, great pastry case with delicious options, plenty of spacious and bright seating, and very friendly staff!finally dropped by the original location after their pop up cafe in heartland cafe off the morse stop. ordered a 12oz soy latte and the rice and beans bowl!the soy latte was exactly what i needed to kick start my day! the foam atop was creamy and the latte was delicious with every sip. the rice and beans bowl was honestly the true winner. the coconut rice was so good and the sweetness paired with the salty jalape\u00f1o mint sauce was deviously good. the egg was perfectly runny, the peanuts were crunchy and sadder such a fantastic texture to each bite. the avocado slices were generous, and this was just such a perfect pairing along with the coffee! i highly recommend this item!i come here fairly regularly to get work done or draw and it has a very laid-back atmosphere. i love it when they have fresh roast coffee beans i can buy for my coffee snob friends :) i really enjoy the summer chilli bowl and the ice tea they make here. the vegan pastries are also the best!sol has been one of my go-to spots for studying since i discovered it during my rotation at st. francis nearby. since then, i've come here on and off to study or just grab a bite to eat or have a drink with a friend. the atmosphere is chill and the baristas are kind. their special espresso drinks are delightful, and you cannot come here and not try the ken special. that sandwich is absolutely delicious! the things i look for in a study spot and how sol delivers:parking: 5food/drink selection: 5ambiance/quietness: 2.5wifi: 5outlet accessibility: 3as for studying here, the music can be a little loud. i think it's better for mindless work versus something you have to think about (if that even makes sense). that said, i love that there's a variety of menu items from savory to sweet that will let you study happily. the wifi has been stellar, and just make sure you nab a seat close to an outlet. oh, also, free parking in the back.ahhhh! i appreciate you sol cafe. first off the place is adorable. it has a lot of personality and when you mix that with a good cup of coffee then it deserves the maximum amount of stars in my book. i work upstairs from sol cafe so i can't rave about parking but i can , however rave about their beet salad! holly beets! i was in love with that salad. give me 5 of them and i will finish them all. the parm cheese on top was just exquisite. they packed the salad to go for me and i was so thankful! i detest cilantro and when it is wrongfully put in my meals well i skip them. i ordered the beet salad and they had put the cilantro on the side. i didn't tell them but i couldn't have been more grateful. the coffee was great too! i had a latte and i was impressed with it.i can foresee myself leaving the office and doing a lot of work at sol cafe. hope the seats are comfy. some yelpers have complained. yikes!!!this was my favorite coffee shop when i lived on the north side! i've spent many hours here studying, catching up with friends, and people watching. some of the kindest, friendliest baristas around, and simone has always been super welcoming. the first time i came here, i tried their oh my gourd specialty latte and wasn't a huge fan, and simone personally checked in on me and replaced it for free when i didn't like it. that kind of service can't be beat. their drip coffee, cold brew, and espresso drinks are all meticulously made: i would especially recommend their cold brew! their specialty drink menu changes seasonally, and i've always loved the interesting, thoughtful flavors they come up with. i recently stopped in and tried the devin special, jasmine tea with thyme syrup and steamed milk, and it was incredible. pastries and food change seasonally as well, and have always been fresh and flavorful in my experience.though i've moved, sol cafe remains one of my favorite coffee shops in the city and i always make sure to make a stop here when i'm in the neighborhood. i would definitely recommend it if you're in rogers park and looking for a good cup of coffee and a welcoming atmosphere!so i like the atmosphere of this place more than i like their actual coffee. the staff is also extremely friendly which is a plus. the breakfast food though? not so much. the chai donut was bland and dry. the saving grace was the glaze. i ordered the \"thailight zone,\" and it tasted very odd. it didn't taste like thai flavors, as advertised. it tasted more like cascara syrup. i hope to go back to try their regular cold brew coffee and give them another try.lots of outlets, plenty of different seating arrangements, free wifi, and really good teas.thick.rich.creamy.nutty finish.yep, they still serve a mean vanilla latte...my favorite for sure. now serving gaslight roasted coffee, sol cafe also has a kitchen with a new menu of sandwiches and bowls (i can't wait to try the grits bowl). - turkey tortas- bisquits 'n gravy- coconut rice and beans- falafel dishes* served from 9am-4pm. many options can be made gluten free. aside from the food, i love the art and arty magazines you can purchase. the collection is small, but there's a rumor they might be expanding their art shop...i hope it comes true!staff that cares. quality products. beautiful and hip interior that will entice you to stay all day long...especially on a rainy day like today. sol cafe rocks. they are forever reinventing.i know i'm going against the grain here guys, but you'll have to forgive me. \u00a0it's not that sol caf\u00e9 has done anything to offend me, but my type of soul doesn't exactly jive with theirs. \u00a0as hard as i try, i have such a difficulty getting down with coffee shops that exude hipster-ness. \u00a0i have come to accept the fact that all good coffee shops are pretty much run by hipsters (i give credit where credit is due), but when the coffee shop is throwing up hipster vibes, i'm just not catching what they're throwing. \u00a0i'm sorry, but when i have to read about karl marx in the toilet stall (assumed because some hipster wrote it), i draw the line...i've learned plenty about karl marx in my day \u00a0so forgive me if i don't want to think about it and other political views in the bathroom. \u00a0that was a tangent, i know, but i'll get off my soapbox now.let me just blurt out the other couple things i wasn't so fond of before i get to the positive aspects of sol caf\u00e9. \u00a0personally, i find most of the seating here uncomfortable so that doesn't make for the most pleasant experience. \u00a0secondly, on the two occasions i've gone i've received mixed service. \u00a0the first time i was somewhat dismissed by staff whereas the second time they couldn't have been nicer. \u00a0and lastly, the coffee and lattes are not my favorite - i felt as if the flavor was very bland, but then again that could have been due to the fact that i got an iced latte. \u00a0i will give them the benefit of the doubt. \u00a0the tea combinations they offer do look interesting and i would be open to trying that the next time i come here. \u00a0onto the good parts of sol caf\u00e9! \u00a0weirdly enough, my favorite aspect is the fact that they offer free parking behind the cafe itself. \u00a0all of you chicagoans should know what a b**** and a half it is to find free parking in the city so this is a very welcome luxury. \u00a0call me weird, but i get excited about free parking. \u00a0as if that's not enough, though, you can find glazed n' infused donuts here. \u00a0it's a limited selection, but hey its a one-stop shop...can you really complain about that? \u00a0at first i was a bit disappointed that they didn't make their own baked goods, but then again at least sol caf\u00e9 does offer some sweet treats...other cafes can't always say the same thing. \u00a0lastly, i love the fact that they have a printer hooked up to the cafe so that if you're doing work there (like i've found myself doing a few times now) you have access to a printer instead of having to go back to your office for this. \u00a0the printer costs about 20 cents i believe, but you're paying for convenience. \u00a0just be conscientious of when you go here because there tends to be a lot of characters hanging around the area; it is somewhat secluded from other businesses which can be a little nerve-wracking, at least for me, but maybe not for you.was walking by and stopped in. \u00a0incredible tomatoe soup; dark, \u00a0rich, \u00a0earthy, \u00a0with a nice light balsamic vinegar kick. \u00a0it's full of cherry tomatoes, \u00a0pearl onions, \u00a0bacon and obviously love. \u00a0i don't care what the fda says. \u00a0it's there. \u00a0this was accompanied by a manchego grilled cheese on a grilled baguette. i can usually think of a way to make anything better, \u00a0but not with this combo. \u00a0grab $10, get on the red line tohoward and get this incredible combo today!this charming place has been in my neighborhood for quite some time now. i have no idea why i never stopped in until now. when i stepped in the door i was delighted at the awesome space. it was nice to see so many people in there working. reading. sipping on coffee. this area had been previously inhabited by people selling drugs and drinking before this place opened. so it was refreshing to see some positive loitering. the woman behind he counter was very patient and helpful as i took a moment perusing the menu. \u00a0usually at starbucks your firing off drinks in rapid fire mode and not really looking at what else they have. \u00a0i got two coldbrew coffee. \u00a0 i have to say the coffee was fantastic. bold and just enough bitter. i really enjoyed it and think this may be my new local.great americanoawesome yogurt parfait but rude barista (pixie)i asked for a bowl to dump my yogurt in, and she assumed i brought my own from home. i had bought the yogurt there! she apologized, but why would you assume? that's the part that bothered me. not cool.they were busy when i was there because it's like the only place with wi-fi in the area. no place to sit. they have coffee and donuts and sandwiches. it was ok it was no big deal. overpriced like hell. no special experience. i went to say hi to the owner who i've known about five years ago and she recognized me but didn't even want to say hi. she spent way more time telling me how busy she was and i wasn't even looking for a conversation. \u00a0lol. i guess it's a good thing she's dedicated to her work but it did kinda kill the experience and i wish i hadn't done business there. i  won't go back. royal cafe is way better and the owners are super friendly. just wanted to share this i do yelp almost everyplace i go to. sorry!great coffee shop with amazing coffee, great pastries, lovely people, great sunlight and vibes, amazing food and service.food is decent, coffee is good vibe is off, staff is pretty nice. overall 3 stars cause nothing was crazy good.i tried their la smog and chocolate chip cookie - it was delicious! the staff is really friendly and the barista helped me pick out one of the specials based on my taste. was not disappointed. great place to study and amazing service. will definitely be back!i live in this part of rogers park. my choice is sol or dunkin donuts. i love myself, so i choose sol. i've meet people there for \"business casual\" one-on-one meetings, because it's casual and chill, but also not a sink into a couch and listen to jazz style. (it has real chairs and tables oriented in a way that makes it work for meetings). i have also sat there for writing....oh a review on the coffee and food....i only drink tea there. i'm a coffee drinker, too, but their tea list always grabs my attention. pastries are, as the kids say, \"on point\". you can also print there!my wife and i came in today and we absolutely love this place! it has all smells, all the feels, all the flavors, and all the colors to excite life! gey the jerk bowl it is amazing! we will return with guest! it is a must visit if your in rogers park!always friendly service, great food and coffee with seasonal drinks, plus donuts on the weekends. chill ambience. love it here!i have soul and i love coffee which meant i should've loved this place... but... there were some things that just didn't jive with this soul.improvements needed:first, which i think is the most important for a coffee-shop is the coffee. it was way bitter with a slight sour after taste. they should add what hints of flavor or palate the coffee hits next to the name (seems like they switch out the flavors since it's handwritten on a board).second, is the seating which isn't meant for you to stay long.third, the awkward service. i'm not a friend of anyone who works there and it was evident. little things with service could be improved on. when i ask for a lid and you're standing right next to it, instead of pointing me there, could be nice to grab it. if i can't carry everything to a table, be patient; i'll come back to pick up the rest with the only 2 hands i have... plus other (little) things...fourth, the music wasn't good if you're coming to study or do work. the dance hip hop music seemed out of place on a sunday morning. and, lyrics about @ss*s make me want to dance vs drink coffee. suggestion if you want to play hip hop - the pandora instrumental hip hop station.what i liked:there's plugs in the wall which is great if you need to plug in your laptop in the stool areathe hash! omg, the hash was surprisingly fresh and delicious! i really want to give 5-stars just for the food. after tasting the coffee, i was scared what the food would be like and to my loving, it was beautiful (see picture i posted). \u00a0overall, worth it to come, catch up with a friend and eat a bowl of the breakfast hash.this place is so special. it feels like an oasis of greenery and sunlight, with lots of seating. the food is absolutely delightful, healthful, creative, and made with real culinary integrity. the coffee is yay. i want more people to come so it stays opens and is successful, but i also love that it's not a madhouse and has such a chill vibe. get into it.it is surprising to see the slow renaissance that howard street is experiencing, especially near the red line. and finding sol cafe in walking distance is a plus.i have had drip and pour-over, both of great quality. since name brand coffeehouses like starbucks have become playgrounds for toddlers and post-toddlers who are stuck with their mothers who are glued to their cellphones or entranced in conversation with their girlfriends, sol cafe reminds me of what coffeehouses started out as.the look screams hipster. but there isn't the off-putting hipster attitudes. sol cafe gets it right.large latte w/ double espresso shot. best latte ever!!! the staff are always friendly and helpful.atmosphere is nice and cozy. they sometimes have vegan donuts! yummy! i've only had one drink that wasn't that great. it was a seasonal and i think the barista added too much water. other than that, they are always very kind in there.i like this place, i come hear a lot to just work on the computer. \u00a0good coffee, i love the vegan chocolate chip pecan cookies. \u00a0the jerk bowl is really tasty too. \u00a0young trendy vibe. \u00a0staff us funi spent 3 weeks in the evanston/n. chicago area working from coffee shops. this is the only obe i'm writing a review for. it was the best.while it can be busy midday on the weekends, as any good coffee spot would, it's always inviting, and i never had to wait long, if at all.there's a great mix of options for you. do you want a fresh donut, or a honest-to-goodness hearty breakfast bowl w/ coffee-braised bacon? do you want to chill on a couch or get work done at a table? (plus there are plenty of plugs) do you want to sit in the open by a window, or in a cost corner near the back? --- they have all the things.oh, and yes, the coffee and food are all fantastic. and, did i mention free parking in back and on the adjacent block?1. sol cafe, 1615 w howard street (rogers park)when i visited: 06.16.16what i got: the \"q\" (espresso, \"q\" syrup, corn infused milk, smoked paprika)drink review: delectable. this smaller (6oz) offering was chock full of powerful flavor. the corn infusion in the milk provides an unexpectedly smooth blend with the sweetness of the sweet syrup and slight spice of the paprika. the espresso here played an equal part, neither overpowering nor hiding amongst the other flavors. altogether, the \"q\" may be a be a bit of a misnomer, as i had no questions after it was all said and done. instead, this drink seems more likely to provide answers to quell whatever ails you.cafe review: modern aesthetics and an abundance of wood laden tables offer a welcoming array of seating for this far north cafe. the atmosphere definitely caters to both relaxing on a calm weekend, or someone looking to crank out some work. that being said, the setup seems conducive to sticking around for about an hour or two, but not much longer as there is no strong nook to really settle into for the long haul. interesting note to be made of the blackboard walls in the restrooms, though the content on which was rather tame for what was technically writing on a bathroom wall. \u00a0additionally, the large front window gives a great, big, wide view of the goings on around the howard area, which can be rather pleasant on a clear day. overall visit rating: 9/10this is my morning spot for coffee. every week day since the beginning of september i have stopped in for my caffeine fix. staff is always friendly. the space is comfortable and nicely decorated. coffee is always great. they have some yummy looking food, but i have never tried them.thank you, indie coffee passport, for introducing me to sol! stopped in on a sunday morning and was pleasantly surprised--nice, open space for doing work, super friendly staff, great coffee, nice variety of food, and great music & vibes. i tried the pour over, which was very smooth and delicious. perfect study spot or place to sit down and get some work done, with the chill vibes and good lighting. and it's right off the howard stop--definitely coming back!!drizzly chilly sunday december morning + a large red eye + \"the hash\" with avocado + relaxed vibe + nice music = a perfect morning! nicely played!!!for a coffee connoisseur, their latte is watered down. i personally prefer strong lattes. even though their latte is smooth, it's just not up to my standards.with that said, service and decorations at this place are really nice. it's great to sit down and study for hours at this place. they carry donuts from glazed and infused (yum). they also have a variety of food items available. this cafe is located on a sketch street since most of the other shops on the street is closed. but this place does stand out and sets itself apart from the other stores. good job and keep it up!beautiful decor, delicious drinks and tasty food with a great, colorful presentation. staff was friendly and helpful. might be one of the best cafes in chicago.roger's park is on the rise again. \u00a0as the masses look for more affordable housing and a new neighborhood to conquer, \u00a0you know the neighborhood is coming along when the cute and trendy coffee shops sprout up. \u00a0sol, however is more than just cute and trendy. \u00a0while the decor is top notch and some of the furniture pieces are original (see the bookshelves in the corner) sol has also managed to give the appearance of not trying to hard. \u00a0the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and more importantly the cofee is pretty damn great. \u00a0if i had any complaints i'd say i wish it stayed open an hour later and had a tad bit more seating, but this location is my favorite so far of the roger's park coffee shops and the competition is certainly there.love this place! i am here on a weekly bases. the coffee is outstanding, the food is great and the service is even better! literally no complaints. my favorite is the rice and beans bowl and the thailight zone iced coffee will knock your socks off. for seasonal options the oh my gourd is outstanding and the tomato soup and grilled cheese was the best i've had in a really long time.loved everything here!! they have these really innovative seasonal coffee drinks. i got one that was espresso, steamed milk, rose syrup, chocolate, and clove. omg it was so good. i also got their breakfast sandwich with avocado and it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches i've ever had. they also have really good looking donuts and baked goods as well as stunning decor and a super friendly staff. the aesthetic of the place is great and the food/drinks are amazing.i'm from rp so this place was a welcome find! very cool, trendy cafe. this was my second visit so i got a chance to try two food items and one coffee drink. first visit i tried the turkey torta, delicious! second visit i tried the cranes in the sky drink, espresso with orange and vanilla, as well as a different torta with scrambled eggs and avocado. i didn't love it as much as the turkey one (probably because it's kind of sloppy and i'm weird about that stuff) but still good. ambiance: small but made great use of space. there's a high top bar work/sit space, two picnic style tables great for groups, little tables for parties of two or 1 and a couch area in the back. if you come before noon all the good seating is usually taken but if you come after 1:30 pm people start to leave and you have more choices. almost all seats are next to outlets for your computers with the exception of the two large picnic tables. overall, the place is super cute and hipster (there's parking in the back i just found out about) and great for working if you work remote like me. there is access to printing but it's uber expensive. like .49 for 1st page, .29 for pages 2-9 and .19 for the remaining. they add on a .30 processing fee and tax. so i printed 2 black and white pages and it came up to almost $2! say whaaaaa?! in defense of the cafe they use an outside printing company so you don't actually print from them. you send it to the source online and pay through them. so if you just want to go there to work and chill cool. but save the printing for at home!i met a colleague here for lunch a few weeks ago. i hadn't heard of them before but it came up in a google search as central to both of our offices. i was impressed! the inside feels very hipster, which is quite the contrast from the neighborhood. the coffee was good. the food was even better. i tried the ondevon. yum! the falafel was prepared so well and the avocado was a fresh touch. my only critique was that their food options were limited. i get it that this is primarily a coffee shop, but it would have been nice to have more to choose from. the prices were reasonable.sol is on point. comfortable seating, great music (i hear you, frank ocean), ample outlets, friendly employees, lots of natural light, huge tea selection, and the very best donuts.update: new food menu is amazing. 10/10this place has been our rogers park standby since they opened - been to their evening events a few times - come most every sunday. it was a sad day when they stopped offering panini sandwiches. however, the new initiative of having just a few in-house food options, and doing them very well, is amazing. the drinks have always been consistent and terrific (save for the valentine's day chocolate drink, that was gross) and now with the creative and well executed sandwiches / chili...this place is amazing. anyway, point here is that sol cafe is a gem, may the proprietor prosper and open up new locations throughout chicago!warm friendly place. bustling with all ages. food is limited but is delicious. pretty fast service. seating is premium since a lot of people will work study here whilst enjoying their food. kens breakfast sandwich is fantastic and you can substitute bacon with avocado. coffee is robust but hot. well worth a visit.i'm so glad i made the trip out of my lakeview bubble to come here! the cafe has a warm atmosphere with plenty of tables, plus friendly service and a variety of interesting food selections (many veggie-friendly), teas, and coffees. i loved my torta with jerk tofu and the brazilian high tea, a delicious concoction that includes gingersnap syrup and orange zest, yum! it was a great place to meet a friend, but i saw plenty of people working on their laptops here as well. i will definitely be back!expensive place in very sketchy part of rogers park (redundancy?) , wants to be the urban cool place on howard. owner insisted on giving me ice with my cold brew even tho i asked for none. $4.50 cold brew with about 5 ounces of actual coffee, no thanks. while i was there some 25 yr old dumped a jar of change on the counter to pay for their bill. i should prob go back , may have been a bad day.i stopped by here to meet up with a friend since it was a good halfway point. for how the surrounding area looks, sol cafe itself is a clean, trendy place to grab drinks/food. i ordered the blood-orange tea, which was nice - fruity and subtle, but with a nice kick of citrus. i also liked how they kept my tea leaves and told me they could make me another batch if i wanted. my friend ordered the afternoon delight, which was... well... delightful! it was light and sweet, and not quite like anything i've had before. he also ordered a red velvet donut, which i did not get to try. they have a selection of donuts from glazed and infused, which is great, but they looked a bit stale. there were not any tables open when we walked in, so the staff went out of their way to shuffle people around. only thing i have to complain about is one of the people at the front got a little pushy about taking our order, even though there was nobody behind us. not particularly special enough to make the trip back for, but it was a nice visit.i love this place--the food, the vibe, the employees. \u00a0it's all good. \u00a0i probably go once a week for breakfast.this place is so unique!!! i came in for a coffee and ended up staying for 4 hours finishing my homework.. their falafel flat is the best... i am coming backsaw a fellow yelper (old high school friend too) review this cafe so i had to come and try it. \u00a0rolled out of bed, nagged my husband to come with me, grabbed whatever clean clothing we had and headed out on this chilly morning amidst the sleep in my eyes. quick splash of water and i was good to go. i have enjoyed frolicking to different coffee/tea joints just because i am too old to go \"clubbing\" and i enjoy some free wifi with my caffeine buzz. so here's the gist of the visit. easy to find, easy to park: \u00a0score for me. staff non pretentious and friendly. score. place has nice natural light, a great open layout that i appreciate. there are books available to read if you are so inclined. drinks:i had their espresso drink called \"the q\". i really enjoyed it. it has a smokiness to it and such a creamy taste and it didn't harsh my buzz from the caffeine from the espresso. \u00a0yum. they serve glazed and infused doughnuts on the weekend so it was a must to pick one of those beauties to go with my coffee. my husband is more simple in nature and had a regular coffee that he enjoyed with his g&i doughnut. the only thing nerving was two lil pumpkins (kiddos) barging back and forth in the ladies restroom making it hard to focus on the task at hand when i went to the ladies room. loloh by the way, they have chalkboard walls in the restroom that are dope! chalk available to write any positive message if you so choose.i will be back as i enjoyed the place and will try their own signature grilled sandwiches. i don't mind taking the drive there. support your local coffee shops, they are just lovely! peace!very good local coffee shop. i prefer to stop here for coffee over any major chain, such as dunkin donuts or starbucks. they have $1 small coffees on mondays, which i've taken advantage of often. the only time i didn't enjoy a drink here was when i ordered an \"horchatte\" - an iced latte mixed with housemade horchata. though the concept sounds delicious, it ended up being a weird mix of overly sweet and bitter, while the horchata seemed to form clumps. i couldn't finish that drink, but that hasn't stopped me from ordering and enjoying other items at sol. i still stop here regularly and recommend sol cafe to others.i love this place! exceptional drinks and food, cozy nooks for studying or just hanging out, plenty of outlets, great r&b / soul / 90s music... what more could you want? i love that they have speciality drinks depending on the season. also, it's owned by a woman, which is super rad.5-star ambience5-star drinks 5-star servers located conveniently next to the howard transit station in north rogers park, sol cafe is a neighborhood gem. the space is super vibey--spacious, light-filled interior with an industrial-minimal aesthetic. many two-seat tables, along with a couple tables or larger groups of up to 6, a few pieces of upholstered furniture, and about 10 seats at a bar. there are plenty of outlets for plugging in and recharging. they serve coffee and tea, of course, but i'm now living that caffeine-free life, so i love coming here for their quality herbal concoctions. they always have a good selection of speciality drinks, blending teas or coffee with other interesting flavors. it's stuff you can't find anywhere else. (i'm a big fan of the dr feelgood with roobios, hazelnut, and honey; and the foxtrot with chamomile and mint and steamed milk). their food fare includes standards like croissants and muffins, but also stand-out doughnuts and some really good food their making in their small back kitchen. i just finished their flat falafel sandwich and it was good! glad to see vegetarian/vegan options and then more glad to find out that they're delicious. if you're in rogers park, or passing through howard transit station, check out sol caf\u00e9.sol cafe's new food menu is delicious! lots of great vegetarian options.they already had some of the best coffee drinks in the city, with a great list of rotating seasonal options. the space is beautiful space as well.great spot for break, lunch, brunch, or just some nice coffee.in the few minutes that i have spent here, i have compiled a short list of my observations for your enjoyment. disclaimer: i only had coffee. no treats.i feel as though i have stumbled across a secret hipster society in the southern most part of evanston. - men with beards? check, both customer and employee. - local art displayed? check. - fixtures that are unique and custom made? check. - and most importantly, mason jars? well double check. to serve iced coffees and as part of the light fixtures! the coffee i had, delicious. the employees were friendly. they have free wifi (something i am currently enjoying). and they have lots of treats. how they taste? i'm not sure but they look pretty damn good/sound good based off descriptions.i would definitely come back here (and maybe add more substance to this review). that is all.pros:- cute decor- yummy chai - friendly service - independently ownedcons:- dirty tables and chairs - long wait time (don't come in if you're in a rush)really great place to get work done in a quiet atmosphere. the music is always excellent whenever i come here - frank ocean, noname, and even some erykah badu to name a few, and the staff has always been friendly to me. the vibes are a-1, as well as the drinks, and open and light filled space.sol cafe gives me that happy/peaceful/everything is ok coffee shop feeling. not a lot of places have that ambience! this weekend i ordered their specialty \"italian stallion\" this weekend and i'm still thinking about it. it was refreshing and crisp. staff is super friendly & relaxed too! just an overall good place to be. also- didn't need it but they have a printer available ft use. wish my coffee shop would've had that in undergrad!every single espresso i've ever gotten has been absolutely delicious. these baristas are seriously talented. a serious gem in rogers park.i have an indie coffee passport.  it's \u00a0$27.50 with 22 neighborhood coffee house participating. its an awesome way to check out different hoods...as well as awesome little coffee houses like this one. oooo....sol cafe, you so sexy. mm mm mm!clean...hipster swanky, groovy 'nosaj thing-cold stares' playin -givin me all the feels, little hub of delish coffee and inconspicuously intelligent philosophs....check it out y'all.i love the sol cafe. we have been going there since they opened. it's a fun and friendly place to sit and eat or drink coffee and study or meet and group for a power meeting. the owner is a sweet young lady that goes above and beyond to make you feel special.this place is always a pleasure. it is a great local spot that sells tasty local foods. staff is super nice and always well versed on the menu. seating is versatile and on the busy days you can find somewhere to squeeze in.great place. \u00a0excellent coffee, clearly something nice going on with the beans, as the coffee has some complexity and brightness to it. \u00a0the doughnuts (maple bacon) were--- get this--- to die for! \u00a0that's right, if it was across howard st with a big stinky bus zooming along, i would make the dash, and if i died, so be it. guilty confession: someone left an iphone charger plug (no cable) in one of the outlets and i took/stole/lifted it. \u00a0i kinda feel bad about it. \u00a0there were no other customers, just a couple of sleepy hipsters behind the counter. \u00a0 if it's yours, hit me up and i'll return it.loved it! so happy to find a new place with many vegetarian and gluten free options! had the beets on beets bowl and it was tasty and healthy. blood orange tea was great. people that work there are helpful and friendly. planning on going back soon.a nice local rogers park coffee shop right by the red line howard stop. i ordered a large iced mocha which they had pulled two shots for - if i could do it over again i would have added a shot (small, medium, and large all have two shots default). the mocha was bold but as mentioned could have used a bolder flavor supported by additional espresso. the ambiance was earthy and hip and the shop was full with both groups and individuals hammering away at they laptops. i'd certainly stop by again to try my order again or sample a pastry.wonderful spot for all the coffees. pleasant ambiance. warm staff. good for work or social. recently introduced food menu, which needs a few tweaks but otherwise tastes promising.my favorite coffee shop in the city. inventive specialty drinks; both hot and cold, coffee- and tea-based; and the chillest vibe imaginable. and now they have a stellar food menu, too! \u00a0what a perfect addition to howard street. sol will warm your soul, y'all.this place is adorable, friendly, has a great vibe and is delicious. i just stopped by to try out their coffee and loved it! lots of solid standard drinks (i always try a basic latte on my first visit) and a handful of really creative coffee concoctions! i'm already planning a return trip with friends to try the small, but yummy-looking as well as affordable, sandwich menu!sol is nice for a number of reasons... you can find things here that you can't elsewhere. they opened in an area that may otherwise be perceived as risky to a business person. they have great chai. i'm a regular here for their house-made chai. while the vast majority of places serving chai are pouring it from a concentrate, here that's not the case. occasionally you'll walk in and they'll be simmering the ingredients cooking up a batch right there behind the counter.in the coffee department you'll find some drinks you won't elsewhere. the \"q\" is a nice treat now and then when i'm not wanting a chai: espresso, smokey flavor, corn-infused milk, and paprika. there's also a thai drink that uses goats milk (seasonal maybe?) that i like.they have some delicious donuts on fridays and weekends. the space is available to rent for private events, and they also host special events now and then for the general public. they also do catering. free parking in rear makes it easy for an in/out if you're not on foot/bike. \u00a0free wifi. they have a printer you can use.the low rating is for the wifi. i love this place; i've spent countless hours and dollars here and i want to do more of that! but the wifi has gone downhill and is not dependable. there aren't tons of people online- it's of average capacity. i've never had this problem at a coffee shop before and its a real downer. it wasn't specifically my computer, a friend was with me and had to use her hotspot.they need to fix it or upgrade their system. otherwise, i really really love this place. chill vibe, great music, fun and friendly servers and parking!for me, a good coffeehouse is more than just the sum of its parts. it has to be that place that ties the neighborhood together. sol's got everything in spades. the food is unique, affordable and healthy. the music is great. the furnishings are cozy. the clientele leans toward academic, but there's always a good mix of folks. outlets are plentiful. the design and furnishings are hip and comfy. plus...donuts!and, oh yeah, the coffee: excellent. these folks know how to make cold brew. they know how to pull a perfect shot. they seem to have good relationships with local, high-end coffee and tea suppliers. the signature drinks are creative and tasty. i love howard and sol is only making it better.update: plantswhy would you ever go to a national chain when sol cafe is in your city? this place is fantastic. easy parking on howard and more behind their place. sunny with an all glass facade. the interior is warm, welcoming and funky all at the same time with hewn scrap wood wall panels, shelving made from pipes, some exposed brick walls, reclaimed wood tables and lamp shades made from coffee bean bags. the service is excellent -- authentically friendly and helpful. the music is diverse from blues to house, all low key and fitting for a sunday morning. best of all, the coffee and tea drinks are great -- creative, well made and reasonably priced. having visited several dozen coffee shops in chicago, this became my favorite on my first visit.i've only been here twice, but i wish i'd discovered it earlier! first time i was here was just to get some work done on a weekday afternoon, very peaceful spot. i returned yesterday for lunch and got the hash bowl which was great! probably would've liked a little more food for the price, but it was delicious as was my latte. tables are a little close to each other, but generally a really great spot food, coffee, and wifi-wise!the coffee here is very very good. they also do a number of unique and interesting drinks with fun names and cool flavor combos. i feel like this place is sort of standout because the food is way better than most coffee shops. a lot of coffee shops in chicago serve sandwiches that are just alright. the sandwiches at sol seem really thoughtfully created and are exceptionally good and boldly flavored. its not just some ham and cheese on a stale piece of bread. bonus points that they are usually playing really dope music.really really delicious latte. very friendly staff. i love the shop, super cozy. i can't wait to get back there on a loungy sunday and eat more donuts than what is considered appropriate.i consider myself a coffee and tea extrodanaire and so a place like sol cafe makes my top 10 list. \u00a0the location is ideal \u00a0and reflects the diverse cultures of rogers park. \u00a0 from the amazing front entrance of windows to its wonder pipes and exposed brick interior, \u00a0you know its going to be a wonderful experience. \u00a0 friendly staff that is knowledgeable and honest with suggestion and the coffee and food to back it up. \u00a0under the weather? you have to try the dr. feelgood and the mocha is amazing. \u00a0as for \u00a0sandwiches... creative and absolutely delicious lick the plate worthy. \u00a0 this is a place you have to experience.sol is my favorite coffee place in the city. i love the atmosphere, friendly service, and the delicious seasonal drinks. the convenient location of the howard red line makes it easy to visit, plus they offer parking for customers. the free wifi and new kitchen menu are added pros. it is a bit pricey, but it's my go-to treat whenever friends and family visit from out of town.rustic and creative. great lighting, better drinks. lots of different types of seating: comfy chairs, intimate tables, long tables for groups. just east of the howard l stop. my favorite coffee shop on the far north side.the fingers of gentrification have begun to wrap themselves around the throat of howard street. \u00a0this well -designed zen meets industrial yuppie oasis shines like a beacon to hipsters on a street crowded with sneaker shops, caribbean restaurants and working class mothers on their way to the grocery store.the space itself is one of the most well thought-out and aesthetically appealing \u00a0coffee shops i've ever visited and by far the best in the area. i'm not a huge coffee drinker, but i do enjoy their selection of very good herbal and green teas. the wi-fi situation kinda sucks. similar to the coffee studio in andersonville users must log on to web beams using a code good for one hour of free internet access. i'm happy to see this shop in the neighborhood. i do, however, fear that this is a sign howard street may soon lose the grit, diversity and charm that drew me to the area. with the upscale cocktail bar ward eight also moving in a few blocks away, i hope howard doesn't get sucked up by the yuppie vacuum of our neighbors to the north.having had few choices for my morning coffee that were right on my way to work, i was excited to see this open. i've been here twice now, and must say i am pleased overall.the decor is an odd, but pleasant \"recycled\" look (mason jar lights, tables that look like they were made from barrels) the front of the shop is oddly bare, but i'm betting that's because they are going to have live music come in at some point. the coffee itself is a nice, smooth blend that lacks some of the acid taste starbucks or metropolis has, and the pricing is pretty good (less than 3 bucks for a large au lait).the only part they really fell down on was on my second trip, they ran out of coffee and were just starting to make a fresh pot. unfortunately, they didn't say this before i ordered. they were, however, nice enough to comp me the difference for a latte. i chalked this up to working out the kinks of a new place with a new staff.good recovery, so i'll be back again soon.what a fantastic local spot for all things coffee and beyond! the offerings are top-notch and creative, the staff is friendly and attentive, and the joint is comfortable, warm and welcoming. rp, this has been a long time coming, get out and support this place!great space, coffee and treats. \u00a0we've been to coffee shops all over, and this is near the top. lots of room to hang out in. \u00a0they also have parking in the back accessed from the east side of the building off of howard.simone has done an awesome job with this establishment. i go in a lot -- but not as much as i'd like to. everything is top-notch, and sol is a real asset to howard street.the staff is always friendly, the atmosphere relaxing, the coffee and food first-rate. i really can't say enough good things about sol cafe. i'm very glad it's in the neighborhood.excellent coffee, love the pop-up shop with do-rite donuts, service is excellent. can't complain. i love supporting local businesses versus starbucks and the like.the place is trying to make everyone here deaf. it's certainly concerned with being hip and part of a \"scene.\" interesting menu items, good coffee. i just wish they would turn the fucking volume down on the music. it's a mid-wednesday afternoon, ffs. the place is mostly full of people trying to work or read, and while that in itself can be criticized as annoying (laptopistan), that's what most people look for in a coffee shop, really, and not whether cool music is playing really fucking, chest-vibratingly loud as all hell. the people who order have to yell over it to be heard.comfortable, friendly place to meet a friend, nosh on a delicious pastry, get strung out on caffeine, and relax. also a nice addition to howard street, which sometimes appears to be a post-apocalyptic version of a city street complete with deserted storefronts, trashed entries, and zombies. the staff was exceptionally pleasant and friendly. for a moment, i even thought they were happy to see me! i was so stunned, i almost forget to order. but i finally recovered my wits and ordered a coffee of the day and a carrot cake muffin. it seemed to me that maybe sol cafe is still figuring out what kind of treats and food they want to serve, because the selection seemed minimal. the coffee was good, and the carrot muffin was absolutely terrific.the decor is what i'd call post-industrial - lots of exposed pipes and bricks, but it all blends into a hipster style without the attitude. i liked it.the only thing i didn't like is the $1.10 charge for a refill of my coffee cup. whhaaaaa??didn't i already pay something like $2.00 for one cup, and i have to pay 50% of that for a refill? as much as i enjoy hanging out in a coffeehouse with a friend, if my inner cheapskate is offended, i'll buy better coffee beans for my home supply, and have friends come over here instead of meeting me out somewhere. even if it means i have to clean the bathroom more often.sol cafe had real soul-- friendly, down to earth staff, delicious coffee, and for the neighborhood. free wifi and great music keep me coming back time and again.this is now my closest coffee shop. independent or otherwise. unless you count the starbucks inside the jewel. which i am not. i don't need any more starbucks in my life thankyouverymuch.but yeah! or perhaps i should say, hell's yeah! we love sol cafe at my house. i have enjoyed several of their specialty drinks and found them all to be quite good.so good and so friendly!update: come early or they might run out of apple cider. however, if you wait a little bit they'll get some more instead of just waiting for the next day to get some. great customer service!i love sol cafe! good food, good drinks, good service...what's not to love?their coffee is top notch. these folks take their coffee seriously, but not too seriously -no one will judge you based on your order, so don't worry about that. coffee not your thing? they also have a nice selection of tea. in addition to your usual coffee, latte, or cappuccino, they have some seasonal options available that are always interesting and worth a try. pastries and food are also good, and on the weekends, they have donuts.yes, i love their coffee and treats, but my favorite thing about sol cafe is that it is always welcoming and friendly. the staff are genuinely nice and always helpful. they are great about making recommendations and answering questions. sol cafe is my new coffee spot in rogers park. i will gladly go a few blocks out of my way to visit sol when i'm in the neighborhood and in need of a caffeine fix.being born and raised in the wrp (west rogers park) / rogers park area, i know very well of the complete lack of unique coffee shops here. so you can imagine the pure rejoice my heart was singing when i had found sol cafe.this place is wonderful!the decor is awesome and extremely tasteful with large glass windows that allow \u00a0 bunches of natural lighting in- which is helpful for a person with self diagnosed seasonal affective disorder such as myself. the seating is great and various: tables and chairs, counters and chairs, tables and bench, couches, and armchairs. wonderful food: delicious soups (some of which are vegan) and awesome sandwiches. also, glazed and infused donuts on the weekends - so delicious. they also have really tasty cookies and other pastries.coffee is so... so... good from what i believe is sourced locally (a great plus!). they also have a large assortment of loose teas of which you get a free extra steeping of!customer service is great- i'm always greeted with a smile and i actually feel like the baristas here are genuinely interested in how i'm doing. sometimes i give a longer response than necessary...i must also mention the wonderfully overwhelming amount of outlets. seriously, outlets everywhere.check this place out! i mean.. yolo.i really like this place. there is lots of sunlight beaming into the place, hence sol cafe, and it has a very comforting atmosphere. the staff is all very friendly and down to earth. i can't forget to mention, they have great coffee, and a nice selection of pastries. i'm a big fan of the hippie granola scone. also, glazed and infused on weekends? yes, please! it's also a good place to stay for a while and get some work done or read a book.sol cafe is fantastic!! :)decor: the best. seriously. some of the best decor/layout i've ever seen in a coffee shop.coffee: oh man. the cold brew iced coffee is sooooooo good. smooth, tasty, not bitter. great coffee!!staff: extremely friendly, helpful, etc. i had a problem with the wifi a couple of mornings ago and simone made sure it was up and running again within minutes and made sure i could get online.this will definitely be a regular stop of mine in rogers park! :) best cafe in the neighborhood by far!fantastic addition to the rogers park neighborhood! i liked everything about this place and here are the details:first (the coffee): i got my usual latte and it was amazing. they serve passion house coffee, which is a small chicago based roaster. i am not sure which blend sol was using but i think it was the warehouse espresso blend. it is wonderfully balanced, has a rich velvety texture, makes a deep dirt reddish crema, and with a nice sweet finish. i would say it is akin to intelligentsia black cat. second(service:) the barista who took my order was absolutely pleasant. i didn't get the annoying \"you are bothering me and cramping my hipster coolness\" attitude that some places have. she was helpful in answering my questions about the coffee sources (even though it was written on the board above her head and i was being an idiot). third(venue): the place is easy to find and right off the howard red line. it was fairly quiet for a thursday afternoon and a nice place to get a bit of work done. they keep the place clean and the decor is more contemporary with a rustic twist, i.e square wood top tables with railway iron legs? the bathroom has chalkboards walls (with chalk supplied) so you can write all over the place without defacing stalls etc. conclusion: i strongly recommend trying this place out and supporting their business. tip: they have timed wi-fi. you get two hours with your purchase so if you were planning on getting drip coffee and staying for 6hrs surfing the web, this is not the place.i love stopping in here whenever i have a chance ever since the first time i came here. everyone there is so helpful and are easy to talk to feels like you're talking to an old friend \u00a0sometimes also the way they describe the coffee is so detailed i swear you can almost taste it before you \u00a0choose it.really, really excellent coffee. \u00a0they make really good chai in house too. \u00a0pastries from local places on point. \u00a0glazed and infused donuts on the weekends. \u00a0super friendly staff. \u00a0my go to coffee shop.edit: now they have do-rite donuts instead of glazed and infused.... still outstanding. \u00a0:)first, they're doing great things for the community while delivering some great products. second, the food. namely the doughnuts on the weekend are from glazed and infused(!).the coffee is good. i'm giving them three stars rather than four or \u00a0five, as we had a strange experience with the service there. we ordered a small coffee in a medium sized cup, instead we got a lecture on how i expensive milk is and insisted i order a medium. sure, i like cream, but i like the room in the cup so it's less likely to spill. \u00a0that one weird experience was enough for my spouse and i to significantly curb our business to this establishment. should that stop you? by no means, they're a cute locally owned shop trying their best to make it in a rough economy in a rough neighborhood, they need your support. my take away is word of caution is \u00a0be careful how you order.i've been here a handful of times and i can't seem to be wowed. the iced chai always tastes watered down and has a real muted spicy flavor. i've had the iced coffee, which wasn't too bad, but would taste like rubbing alcohol if i added vanilla to it.... :/ the last time i went, the internet wasn't working on my laptop at all (which never happened a year ago) and i was connected but every single website i opened up would be blocked. so, i don't know. i love the interior of the place and i was excited when i first discovered it, but i want a good drink and this place just isn't doing it for me.the place has a bohemian vibe, the coffee tasted good, my girlfriend's tea tasted fine.i'm just a bit upset that they may have stopped making fresh sandwiches to just making a few in advance and storing them on a display like starbucks. fresh is always better. talking about fresh, they used to have a sandwich called twerky bird. jam, dijon, turkey, and cheese all in a panini. and they somehow made it work, it was bomb.overall, still a solid caf\u00e9 for beverages, i like the vibe, the staff, the patrons, and the smaller things like cups and plates. just a damn shame fresh sandwiches are no longer served here.oh, how i love sol cafe! the coffee and food is super-tasty, the environment warm and cozy with touch of hip, eco-conscious style. friendly baristas and whimsical foam art add to the overall experience. best coffee shop in rogers park!hidden gem. the coffee is excellent, and strong. made the mistake of getting bottomless cup of coffee, when we drank two cups each (it's a better deal if you're going to hang out there all day). the donuts were off the hook and the perfect compliment to the coffee. lots of customers working on their laptops. decor is funky and i love it. i'm excited to visit again and try more of the menu.i've been to sol cafe quite a few times because i'm a huge fan of their seasonal drinks. they had this thai iced coffee inspired latte a few seasons ago (might have been the summer) that i was obsessed with and came back almost every week for. every time i stop by, i tend to order a seasonal drink and have not been disappointed. the service is great and the staff is friendly. there's also plenty of outlets if you'd like to study there, but does get packed easily. i've never used this service before, but they also have an option of printing assignments or work at sol cafe that i believe is charged by the page. one downside is the location. it's on a sketchy street just a block away from the howard red line. i've witnessed an attempted theft of a cell phone from a customer while studying once here so just a precaution. that incident turned me away for a while so i get to-go drinks often instead.this cafe adds so much to the neighborhood. the staff are super friendly and they have a nice variety of tasty treats and drinks at a reasonable price. great lighting and plentiful seating, i love the interior. check it out!i just visited here yesterday and i'm so impressed. \u00a0this is one of the nicer cafes in the entire city, much less rogers park, and it seems unafraid to be itself. the staff was nice and they have inventive frou-frou coffee drinks, which i love. \u00a0i had a thai iced coffee inspired one that was delicious. they also have glazed and infused on the weekends and a small library of books and games in the back including a ouija board and horror and true crime novels. i hope this signals the beginning of a long overdue renaissance for howard street.i will definitely be back for a sandwich and some trashy reading sometime soon!i'm really impressed with this place and the owner. sole is a vibrant lady who loves what she does and loves to tell people about it. mucho points for tasty vegan pastries. \u00a0i had the blueberry corn muffin and jesus was it good. and i have to say the soy latte with vanilla (or caramel, can't remember which) was delicious. i'm rather picky and i usually go to starbucks for a latte fix, but sol cafe got it right! \u00a0great space. \u00a0staff is super sweet too. \u00a0my one qualm is with internet access - 2 hour limit is a no-no, especially if i'm working for awhile.so nice to find a healthy spot during a weekend swim meet at the rex plex. loved the not chik'n salad wrap and side slaw. clean, tasty, real food. exposed brick, light airy spot. nice staff too.nice locally owned coffee/tea shop for the area. \u00a0clean, spacious, and much better coffee than that place with green mermaid as their logo. \u00a0the staff is great, upon my third visit, they already knew my order (2 shot soy latte) which makes me feel like a regular. \u00a0wifi, and plenty of outlets if you want to connect while you caffeinate yourself. \u00a0books made out of paper on the shelves if you left your kindle/ipad at home, and there are board games if you wish to partake. \u00a0music is very eclectic...one day its oldies, next is beastie boys. \u00a0nice. \u00a0stop by and support the locals, enjoy a cup-o'-joe, and relax.i can only rate this based on my coffee-to-go experiences.pro:coffee is goodservice is relatively fastcon:signing for a $4.00 charge on my debit card? \u00a0aren't we past this part in 2014?server did not wash hands before pouring my coffee. \u00a0gross. \u00a0please wash hands if you are serving and taking money. really. \u00a0this is not cool.server chatting up other employee (off duty) while taking and preparing my order and while taking the debit card for my order (perhaps this is why she did not wash her hands)/i have a planned get together here soon. \u00a0i will come back and provide deets on that.i am very glad this place exists on howard street and hope they do their best to stick around and keep their heads down.this place is wonderful and a truly unique experience. \u00a0the area could definitely use more establishments like this.for starters, the interior is gorgeous! \u00a0clean, modern, chic, great lighting -- it is the quintessential urban loft. \u00a0i maybe a little bias because it is very similar to my personal decorating tastes, but i just love how this place looks.the service is also very good. \u00a0both times i stopped for a visit, the staff was cordial and extremely helpful. \u00a0i was given a rundown of the menu options and accommodated based on my tastes. \u00a0they seemed very enthusiastic too. \u00a0what truly makes this place unique is its menu. \u00a0i am happy to see that they use almond milk as an alternative to dairy milk. \u00a0i was never a fan of soy and feel almond milk complements coffee/espresso better. \u00a0they also have a unique menu of vegan treats and sandwiches. \u00a0plus, glazed & infused donuts on the weekends! \u00a0but the standout item is a latte unlike any other, called the q: corn milk (prepared in-house), a spice-infused espresso blend and a special smoky-flavored sauce made exclusively for sol caf\u00e9. \u00a0this might be geared more towards those with an adventurous palate, but it does not disappoint. \u00a0the q was smoky, tangy and spicy, with the corn milk adding a sweet element to tie the flavors together. \u00a0it was the most unique latte i ever had!sol cafe might be one of the best coffee shops in the city. \u00a0this place is a must for coffee house junkies and espresso aficionados!i love sol cafe. great coffee and delicious \"glazed and infused\" donuts. friendly, efficient staff, and cool, relaxing decor and atmosphere. \u00a0there are comfy chairs in the back and lots of little tables in the middle and front. i wish it was open later in the evening. i would hang out there even more!just moved to the area and found what will surely be my coffee spot. \u00a0doughnuts offered on the weekends are creative and well worth it. \u00a0the house made sandwiches do not disappoint either. \u00a0needless to say they'll be seeing a lot of me.anytime you can get lickity split custard in an affogato and a glazed and infused donut in one place, i'm sold.great espresso and a nice and cozy atmosphere if you need to get some work done, or just take a break.if i could give this place a 10, i would. \u00a0i think this is my fave coffee shop in chicago. \u00a0decore, friendly staff...and amazing coffee and sandwiches. \u00a0i love the panini with jam.now, they are always playing good music to chill and study to all day. \u00a0this place is such a gem!good vibes, chic decor, delightful warm beverages, appealing presentation. some baked goods look better than they taste, but who cares because my latte is heavenly and the vegan scone is delicious.a lovely unpretentious spot in the neighbourhood, good pastries, good coffee though i wish they offered a darker roast.the sweetest barista with some of the best skills as baristas in making drinks that are at great prices. free easy to access parking with great wifi and plenty of space and outlets for getting work done. easily in my top 3 coffee shops in the chicago area. love it.excellent coffee, great pastries. it has a pleasant ambiance, and staff are friendly.my husband and i adore this coffee shop. it's exactly what our neighborhood needed and everything they do is perfectly executed. whenever someone passes me on howard street with a styrofoam dunkin donuts coffee cup i want to slap it out of their hands and point them to sol. they are missing out on a great coffee (and food!) experience. close to public transit. beautiful atmosphere, decor and furniture. huge windows. clean restrooms. very warm and down-to-earth baristas. hard working and very legit owner. locally roasted coffee from bow truss. baked goods from bennison's every day. donuts from glazed and infused on saturdays and sundays. such a treat!remember that horrible snow storm a few weeks ago? the one with the foot of snow being swirled around by 40 mph winds? yeahhh, that one. well you know what i did that morning? i got up, threw on about ten layers of clothes, scraped the snow and ice off of my car, dug out the tires, and drove a slippery, sloppy 10 blocks. i then parked my car, got out, fell on my ass, got up and trudged into sol cafe. 2 glazed and infused donuts and a latte.totally worth it.stopped in for a quick coffee to go and was really impressed even with my super short visit. the shop was bright, spacious, and quiet. the barista was cheerful and the coffee was excellent. i didn't get any food but the sandwiches on the menu \u00a0and bakery items looked great. i'll be back when i need a quiet place to read or get work done in the near future.my wife and i live a couple of blocks away from sol and had been wishing for a nice (within walking distance) coffee shop like this, ever since we moved into the area. finally!! i love the atmosphere, decor and the delicious coffee & tea. the batista's are very nice and attentive. we've needed something like this on howard for a long time and i'm so clad that sol is setting the path for a modern and hip howard street.been here a few times. absolutely love it. coffee and teas are great. the atmosphere and decor are perfect. first time i walked into the bathroom i flipped and thought the vandals had destroyed it, but actually the walls are chalk boards!ate there for lunch the first time today and was blown away by the sandwich. i'm very critical of food and sandwiches in particular, but the \"hammertime\" sandwich (with ham, gouda, pesto and hot peppers) was perfectly balanced and incredibly delicious.will certainly come back in the near future.sol cafe is my favorite neighborhood coffee shop. it's funky, arty, welcoming atmosphere is the best. they come up with original and delicious drinks with healthy ingredients. one of my favorites is the. \"oh my gourd\", a coffee concoction containing pumpkin puree, coconut milk, curry, and all manner of deliciousness. they have a blueberry corn muffin that is to die for - i didn't even realize it was vegan! another favorite is the hippielicious whole grain scone. on weekends they serve glazed and infused donuts - the best i have had since the famous voodoo donuts in portland, or. they are also really invested in the neighborhood, and have many events to support local artists, children, etc. a wonderful spot just off the howard el stop that deserves your coffee dollars.my go to place for a catch-up chat or a few minutes of quality time with the boyfriend du jour! yes, serious, but not so much so, good coffee, friendly staff - great owner - go nicole -- and a laid back atmosphere. whether it's the harbinger of gentrification for rogers park, i am not sure, but no revolution can begin without caffeine. \u00a0vive sol caf\u00e9!delicious coffee and snacks. \u00a0great atmosphere as well. \u00a0a wonderful local spot. \u00a0everything was delicious. i love the fact that they had a wifi cafe and a printer for us all to use as well. \u00a0i hope they awill be here for years to come.sol is everything a caf\u00e9 should be: quiet, uncrowded, excellent service, artwork all over the walls, and delicious coffee drinks that are beautifully prepared. i got the q, which was smoky and a little sweet, and so good. on top of that, they were doing $1 donuts from glazed and infused as it was evening and they were trying to get rid of the donuts. well it took little (meaning no) convincing to get me to buy one. on top of that, they have chalkboards and chalk in the bathroom and encourage patrons to unleash their inner picassos. as i was leaving, they were setting up for a musician, but sadly i couldn't stay for the concert. i would love to return and peruse their book selection, as this is the kind of place i could easily spend all day at. i'll definitely be back.awesome! glad to finally have a place to go i this neighborhood. super nice employees. great tea selection.i like it here.snowpocolpyse 2014 finally forced us out of the house in search of coffee sunday morning. \u00a0supplies were dwindling and you do no want angie on zero caffeine. \u00a0so off we ventured in the blizzard to sol cafe to find sustenance and coffee.found.this cheery coffee shop is long on brightness and friendliness. \u00a0the baristas gave us a great pour of coffee and imagine my surprise to find glazed and infused donuts and croissants from bennison's bakery. \u00a0nirvana.the only reason i'm docking a star is that the atmosphere isn't really warm and cozy. \u00a0it's a little on the bare side. \u00a0i like my coffee shops with comfy chairs, mismatched tables, lots of throw pillows and such. \u00a0still. \u00a0winning.by far one of my favorite coffee shops in chicago! located on the corner of a building with lots and lots of natural light in the morning, makes getting up and getting coffee there even more pleasant. the atmosphere is quiet most days and smells wonderful. no screaming steamers or burnt shots here. i'm pretty picky about my coffee, and as a barista myself i love espresso. they have great baristas that serve great drinks, crafted by hand. i normally get a mocha with an extra shot. perfect from the first sip, never too hot and it holds temp for hours some times. soooo gooood. the treats are good. but who doesn't love benison's, i will say most days i don't get the treats cause they seem not as fresh as i could get from the actual places. but that would never stop me from still getting my coffee here.best coffee in rogers park. in a field where it's easy to be like every other trendy cafe, serve the same flavors in a different location, sol remains original. it's not a cafe that simply falls in line, rather they always try to provide a unique experience in a comfortable neighborly environment. and on the weekends, they have donuts, glorious donuts. don't slack on the donuts though, cause they go quick.great space. i like the ambience and decor, although the music can be a little loud (it was '70s disco and funk the last time i was there). i've only ordered tea, but it was very good. good for meeting friends or having a casual meeting.stopped in for coffee and a cup of soup on a cold day. friendly staff and great service. the coffee is top notch!had a great start to our day at sol cafe this morning. \u00a0even though it was cold and snowy outside, we were cozy and comfortable inside. in addition to the welcoming atmosphere, the food and drinks were all top notch. we enjoyed a breakfast panini sandwich, chai latte, glazed and infused doughnut, and a pour over coffee. we don't live in rp, so this was our first time at sol, but we'll be back.in love! \u00a0this is a picture perfect, homey, arty coffee house. \u00a0the staff was welcoming, \u00a0warm, \u00a0and friendly. they normally offer vegan pastries, but today the selection was down to a \" hippie granola scone.\" \u00a0 no problem. \u00a0 the scone was hearty and delicious and filled with healthful sunflower seeds. hippie indeed! \u00a0 it came with cherry jelly which was the perfect compliment to the scone. \u00a0i also ordered a chai with almond milk. \u00a0they make their blissfully perfect chai in-house. \u00a0no mixes here. my friend thoroughly enjoyed his croissant and soy latte, which had the beautiful leafy flourish on top of a thick foam. \u00a0this place is so cool. \u00a0it's only a minute from the howard red line stop. \u00a0hop the train and proceed to enjoy!great spot in rogers park! the inside of the place is quite nice, the staff are friendly, and it is *definitely* the best coffee in rogers park. if you are in the area, i would definitely check it out.i am so happy to have a nice coffee place in the area. \u00a0the people that work there are very nice and friendly. \u00a0my coffee and tea were good - the only food i have had were muffins, which were tasty. \u00a0cons - it seems like some of the same people are there many times when i go in and they sit in the best places for hours. \u00a0i know they have the 2 hour check ins but i have seen some of these people just given the cards with no purchase. \u00a0i do agree with another poster that i wish it was cozier if customers are going to stay all day.- ok, i admit that it creeps me out to see all the pastries just laid out as people are walking by and several of my friends have commented on the same. \u00a0i bet if you put them all behind a case you would see many more!love sol! great service, great focus, great doughnuts and lovely down to earth staff. this place is a blessing i. our neighborhood and i hope people go out if their way to support them! my only recommendation: add more child friendly props, book/toy corner or something so parents can corner their kids in a spot that won't disturb other patrons. in always a bit nervous my toddler may be disruptive to others and having a good distraction for kids alway workshoward street on the far north side of chi-town just got a whole bunch better with the opening of the sol cafe. located on the edge of what used to be the \"juneway jungle\", a rough and tumble neighborhood, cafe sol brings high quality coffeehouse culture to \u00a0an area that is in transition.first off, the space is comfy and yet open enough to not feel claustrophobic.the music played was not offensive like at some other spots. the baristas have been consistently friendly and helpful, never making me feel like a middle age dude among hipsters. the coffee and other drinks are well made and the selection of deserts is extensive and delicious. donuts and long johns from chicagos epic glazed and infused donut shops () are freshly made and always available. the bacon maple chocolate long john was to die for.a welcome addition to the north side and chicagos coffee scene. make the trip up north and support this fine business. and tell your friends!i really dig sol cafe. great ambiance (exposed brick, rotating local art, large windows in front filling the place with natural light), good coffee, and snacks! snacks include cool sandwich options, cookies, scones, cheddar muffins (with whole eggs inside them) and glazed & infused doughnuts on the weekend. yay doughnuts! they've also got a number of outlets if you're planning on making this place your office away from the office. the reason for the four instead of five is the iced coffee refill price. unless this has changed very recently, it's a full price refill. i would even go 4.5 since they are freeing up the internet from the 2 hour restriction.good coffee, great donuts, friendly people. \u00a0 it's really great to have this spot in the neighborhood. \u00a0the prices are reasonable. \u00a0they also have other baked goods and sandwiches besides donuts.we were excited for this place to open but never really stopped by until last weekend. this place is so amazing we've been back three more times already. their sandwiches, donuts, and drinks are both beautiful and super tasty. the decor and the staff are lovely as well. 10/10 would come here forever.a great spot to sit and work. friendly staff. clean bathrooms. lots of outlets and most of all, glazed and infused donuts on fri, sat, & sun.i think it's about time that i give this place a positive review... i've been going here for a little while now and i loved the specific drink i got every morning... addicted may be the word. needless to say that while on a 3 week business trip i returned to my coffee place of choice and the owner looked very concerned to see me... i picked up on her facial cue right away and realized it was empathy... she told me my favorite drink would be replaced by another seasonal creation.... so i came in and ordered my drink until the ingredients were gone... and then i kinda disappearedi'd say about a month later or maybe a little more i returned... my mission was to pick up donuts to bring to my parents because my dad has been in the hospital for a month and won't stop asking for the doughnuts that come from chicago... the barista behind the counter says so what are you drinking now that your drink is gone? just doughnuts i haven't found a replacement for the drink yet i responded.., which was my way of saying so you in another month or more.,, without missing a beat he offered for me try a special drink just an iced coffee that absolutely blew my mind... this place is the kinda place that'll remember your drink when you come in... but not only that... they will share the emotional attachment you make with your morning coffee and you can tell they are passionate about what they do. \u00a0both the barista and the girl who rang me out and waited patiently while i picked out the right donuts for recovering dad started my day off great! thank you both for reminding me why i go here.the place is very cosy. the wooden tables, the coffee filled sucks, the decors..nicely done. i also enjoyed my macchiato. \u00a0pretty strong. the staff is courteous.so far, so good. \u00a0my wife and i just stopped into sol cafe today, after watching them build the cafe over the recent months. \u00a0this stretch of rogers park could definitely use another good cafe (charmer's cafe is the only one around) and howard st. doesn't have one at all. \u00a0i purposely kept my expectations low (so as not to be disappointed), and i was very pleasantly surprised at how nice it is in its first week. \u00a0the coffee was really nice (a black drip and a americano), the service was excellent (prompt and polite) but i was especially impressed with the decor. \u00a0they've created a really nice little environment that chain cafes just can't match. \u00a0there were about 8-10 people relaxing and enjoying themselves on this cold, rainy saturday. \u00a0i can only hope that the crowds stay steady, and other quality businesses can be attracted to howard st. they're only serving muffins and cookies, foodwise, but the woman behind the counter said that they will soon be serving paninis and other types of food...i highly recommend that locals make an effort to patronize locally owned businesses like this. \u00a0it's perfectly located near the howard el stop, and makes a nice pit stop while walking to get groceries, or on the way home from work. \u00a0good job sol! \u00a0best of luck to you....just moved into the area and stopped for coffee and a sandwich. the service was excellent and the turkey sandwich i had was impressive. the ambiance is trendy and quiet, and their music is on point. hope to make this a staple for when i need to get some work done.this place is too cute! you know your neighborhood has arrived when you get a cute indie coffee shop.really the friendliest staff i've ever encountered. i go there every weekday morning before work. i get there as soon as they open and they're still very nice. my redeye always does the trick too!fantastic coffee, inviting atmosphere, and great service! \u00a0having just moved to the rogers park neighborhood, i immediately began searching for a good local coffee shop within walking distance of our apartment. \u00a0the exterior is unassuming (i almost missed it walking by), but once i ventured inside i was pleasantly surprised! \u00a0the atmosphere is relaxing; the decor is warm and independent, with plenty of comfortable seating.the service has been consistently pleasant; i appreciate the fact that they bring everything right to the table rather than yelling across the room for you! \u00a0i'm able to wander off immediately after placing my order and relax.i've yet to explore their menu in depth, but their coffee is excellent, and they offer a limited assortment of panini-style sandwiches prepared to order as well as an assortment of prepackaged snacks. \u00a0these offerings definitely elevate sol cafe to a viable spot for a light lunch as well as a cup of coffee. \u00a0overall, just an inviting retreat for getting some work done, doing a little reading, or having a conversation with friends.sol cafe will definitely be getting my business, and i'm very pleased to have found such a fantastic local coffee shop so close to our new home!p.s. it's also worth noting that sol cafe sells delicious (and very unique) donuts by glazed and infused on saturdays and sundays. \u00a0try the maple bacon long john!the customer service is great, they have wifi, good coffee and they have events from open mics to small business product showings. i love the atmosphere here.wow! \u00a0this place is so wonderful! \u00a0i waited patiently, anticipating it's opening many months ago and this place did *not* disappoint me! \u00a0it's a very trendy-looking cafe on a troubled stretch of howard and as such, could seem a little intimidating to some people. \u00a0but all they'd need to do is walk in the door - the staff is so welcoming and friendly to everyone! \u00a0i've had the ham and cheese croissant and the spinach and cheese croissant - both delicious and the \"thailight zone\" iced espresso, coconut milk, and i'm not sure what else - yummy. \u00a0they also have all kinds of cool community-creating things going on like an open-mike sort of night, a vintage flea market and a talk-shop night for neighbors.a wonderful place doing wonderful things for our neighborhood! \u00a0if you haven't stopped in yet - you should!!wow! very nice place, i had a quad mocha and a twerky bird sandwich, amazing. also very happy with the atmosphere and the service i recieved. definitely a place worth checking out, i am new to the area but i think this could be one of my very first regular spots. so very happy to have found this gem.i have to admit, i have a \"thing\" for coffee shops. no longer a bar goer, i like to hang out in coffee shops with atmosphere. starbucks is fine but cafe sol is like it's younger hipper sister. i went in to work on my resume as they have free wi-fi. the staff is edgy in appearance but could not have been any nicer. i had a black coffee in a ceramic mug (i hate drinking out of paper cups) and a hippie granola scone. both were perfection. plenty of outlets for laptop charging made it comfortable for me to sit and work on my resume for 2 hours. i did not feel rushed at all. they play an eclectic array of music at a volume loud enough to enjoy but not too loud to spoil your concentration. there is also a book section with adult and children's books to borrow with an assortment of classics along with beach reads. someday, i'll ditch the laptop and come in just to read. oh and drink coffee too. cafe sol is a welcome little business amongst pawn shops, dollar stores, and cheap mexican restaurants. do yourself a favor and skip starbucks this week and check out cafe sol!it's so \u00a0awesome to have a cafe like this in the neighborhood. actually it ends up that its my favorite coffee shop in all of chicago and i have been to all the hip places. \u00a0this place has great coffee, a great vibe and the staff are incredible especially charlie :) i love the iced drinks that they have come up with and their paninis are good too! not a bad thing to say about sol at all, and it's pretty too!i like the idea of sol cafe. \u00a0it is a much needed change in atmosphere on that side of town. \u00a0however, i was not impressed. \u00a0went there with a friend on a saturday afternoon. \u00a0i first noticed a man standing in his shoes on the counter, writing and erasing on the menu boards. \u00a0fine. \u00a0however, he got down, and did not wipe down the counter where his shoes were just a minute ago. \u00a0i was thinking \"please don't make my food on that counter!\" \u00a0i would have left right after if it hadn't been for my friend who said their sandwiches were delicious. \u00a0my friend ordered, 2 ham panini's, a latte, and a donut. \u00a0we wait. \u00a0and wait. and wait. \u00a0seriously, that was the absolute longest time i have ever waited for a sandwich. \u00a0she calls us up, only to find out that she spent all that time on one sandwich. \u00a0she didn't hear we wanted another, so we had to wait. \u00a0again. \u00a0for way too long for a simple panini. \u00a0we take the food to go, and when we get to our destination and i open my sandwich, i am appalled that there was like, one skinny piece of \u00a0ham and a slice of cheese that hadn't even melted, and barely any peppers. \u00a0they were so cheap with the ingredients that i couldn't even taste anything aside from the mayo they used and bread. \u00a0for $6???? i paid 6 bucks for a slice of cheese and a barely there piece of ham that for some reason took 10 minutes to make?? are you kidding me? \u00a0i will not be eating at this place again ever.sol is one of the best coffee shop & art spots i have been to in the states, let alone chicago! i have lived in rogers park for 4 years & when i first heard about sol, i was elated with pretty high hopes for what a local coffee shop could do for the neighborhood ... & they have honestly exceeded all my expectations.from the amazing, affordable products (a variety of delicious sandwiches & pastries now, as well as perfectly-made coffee drinks), outstanding service (kindest baristas & owner i've ever met), gorgeous interior design (steel & wood elements meet 60's chic, industrial at it's finest), & their steadily-increasing amount of community-based events (sunday funday for kids, open mic/ spoken word, vintage & handmade sales, speed-dating, & base for new northside art collective gnar), sol is quickly becoming an all-around hub for all things creative & good in rogers park & chicago.can you tell i'm excited about sol cafe? trust me, you should be, too!this place is amazing. \u00a0they use great, local roasters (bowtruss) for their coffee, so it's a nice change of pace from getting metropolis/intel. everywhere. \u00a0the drip is some of the best i've had in chicago (i haven't tried any espresso drinks yet). \u00a0the sandwiches are delicious and cheap ($5, although they aren't huge). \u00a0the music selection is great as well--they put on whole albums, rather than just using pandora. \u00a0a lot of the reviews here talk about gentrification, and i'm not going to wade into that topic, but one quality coffee shop isn't going to single-handedly gentrify the area, and plenty of rp coffee shops have folded even in the past year. \u00a0i say enjoy it while it's there, and hope it sticks around!without a doubt, sol cafe is my new favorite coffee shop in the city. beautiful decor, wonderful drink, and amazing service. i have watched sol be built from the windows over the past few months and i can't describe how excited i am that they are finally open. do yourself a favor, check it out.finally, a good cup of coffee on howard street!!!my favorite place to escape life... i took away one star for the service... it's just okay. the coffee and snacks are delish!although i have only been here twice , sol has really made a solid impression. customer service is everything. the first time i went, it was 15 minutes prior to closing however i didn't feel the least bit rushed. even though i was indecisive and a multitude of questions, charlie talked to me as if i had walked in at opening time. i appreciated that immensely. when i walked in on my second visit several days later he greeted me and acknowledged that i had returned! yep. it's a nice cozy spot. they are kind of small with your usual coffee and tea drinks as well as a few sandwiches, chips and bakery items. this place is fairly new, only open since december, so they are still adding items and getting a feel for what to bring onto the menu so please be patient. they are in a great location and as others have stated, a great addition to the area. they are really nice though so whenever i can i plan to stop in and support the cause. i wish them much success!just arrived looking to order a sandwich. the man at the counter said they won't have any bread till tomorrow. how does a sandwich shop run out of bread at 2pm? epic fail sol.if you love a good latte and don't mind the company of some beautiful people, this is the place for you. also, hot chocolate heaven for the kiddos.sol is one of the more exquisite haunts for students, loungers, and coffee-lovers on chicago's far north border zone. beautiful people, scrumptious food, killer coffee drinks, and full of warmth. if you're ever in the area, it's a must.i was so excited to see this cafe open in our neighborhood, as north rogers park doesn't have many options for coffee shops or cafes. \u00a0the interior design on the space is first class. \u00a0it's spacious, comfortable, and user-friendly. \u00a0kudos to the designer. \u00a0the specialty coffee drinks are great. \u00a0my ultimate favorite id called \"thai light zone\". \u00a0wow. \u00a0delicious. \u00a0i wish their food menu was a little more extensive. \u00a0it's not quite a lunch place yet, as it feels like they have more to learn. \u00a0the staff is very friendly and welcoming, but a little slow on service.i started going to sol a couple of months after it first opened, and have been so pleased to have it in the neighborhood. it's a great place to meet a friend for coffee, to bring a book or computer and hang out for awhile, and i've even had staff meeting with my co-workers here as well. i also appreciate the way they seem very intentional about becoming part of the neighborhood, and specifically the howard area - i remember being afraid that i would only ever see other clientele like myself (young, white 20-somethings), but have been pleased to see a diversity in age and culture that seems to embody the feel of rogers park."}